
=== PAGE 1 ===
BlackRock 2026 Proxy Statement Notice of Annual Meeting | May, 20, 2026

=== PAGE 2 ===
Generating Long-Term
Shareholder Value
BlackRock, Inc. (“BlackRock” or the “Company”) is a global asset manager with 
approximately 24,900 employees in more than 30 countries as of December 31, 2025. 
BlackRock’s focus is to deliver the best investment solutions for each and every client 
in-line with their objectives and goals.
BlackRock’s diversified platform of alpha-seeking active, private markets, index and cash 
management investment strategies across asset classes enables us to provide whole portfolio 
solutions and differentiated outcomes for clients. Our investment platform is supported by our 
technology and risk management system, Aladdin®, and we offer technology services to a broad base 
of institutional and wealth management clients. Our diversification and whole portfolio approach 
helps us build deeper and broader relationships with more clients across market environments.
We have continuously invested in our business to build a comprehensive and integrated investment 
and technology platform across public and private markets. We believe the diversification and stability 
of our platform drives strong, long-term performance, which enhances BlackRock’s ability to:
Generate 
differentiated 
organic growth
Leverage our scale 
Return capital to 
shareholders on a consistent 
and predictable basis
Over the long term, we have demonstrated our ability to generate organic growth and execute with 
scale. We have prioritized investment in our business to first drive growth and then return excess cash 
flow to shareholders. Our capital return strategy has been balanced between dividends, where we 
target a 40-50% payout ratio, and a consistent share repurchase program. Our framework for 
generating long-term shareholder value was developed in close collaboration with our Board 
of Directors (the “Board”), and the Board actively oversees our broader strategy and our ability to 
successfully execute it. 
Since our founding, BlackRock has led by listening to our clients and evolving to help them achieve 
long-term outcomes. This approach has been central to delivering differentiated growth for 
shareholders. Clients entrusted BlackRock with a record $698 billion of net inflows in 2025, reflecting 
9% organic base fee growth; technology services annual contract value (“ACV”) growth was 16%. We 
delivered 6% or higher organic base fee growth in each quarter of 2025; and we ended the year with 
two consecutive quarters of double-digit organic base fee growth, including 12% in the fourth quarter.
The 2025 closings of the HPS Investment Partners (“HPS”) and Preqin Holding Limited (“Preqin”) 
transactions and the 2024 closing of the Global Infrastructure Partners (“GIP”) transaction 
significantly scaled and enhanced our private markets investment and data capabilities. 
We enter 2026 with strong momentum, and it will be our first year as a fully integrated firm with the 
combined strength of BlackRock, GIP, Preqin and HPS. We believe we are well-positioned to reshape 
portfolios for more complex markets, deepen partnerships with clients, and deliver durable, profitable 
growth for our shareholders.
In 2026, we will continue to focus on the long term and strategically and efficiently invest in BlackRock 
to deliver profitable growth. 

=== PAGE 3 ===
BlackRock, Inc.
50 Hudson Yards
New York, New York, 10001
April 10, 2026
To Our Shareholders:
Just as we work every day to help our clients prepare for their futures, I know many of you are 
investing in BlackRock to achieve your own long-term goals. 
And you’re doing so at a time of accelerating 
momentum for our firm. The structural trends 
reshaping global economies, the growing demand for 
our solutions across public and private markets, and 
the strength of our platform all reinforce why this is an 
exciting time to be a BlackRock shareholder. I want to 
thank you for the trust and confidence you continue to 
place in our company.
We welcome you to join us virtually on May 20, 2026, at 
8:00 a.m. ET for BlackRock’s Annual Meeting of 
Shareholders at 
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BLK2026. You 
may vote your shares via the Internet and submit 
questions before and during the meeting. As we do 
each year, we will address the voting items in this year’s 
Proxy Statement and take your questions. Regardless 
of whether you plan to join the meeting, your vote is 
important, and we encourage you to review the 
enclosed materials and submit your proxy. 
across our entire platform. We’re coming off the 
strongest year of net inflows in our history. Clients 
awarded BlackRock with nearly $700 billion of new 
assets in 2025, representing 9% organic base fee 
growth; and technology services ACV growth was 16%. 
The consistency of our results stands out even more 
over the long term, with nearly $2.5 trillion of net 
inflows over the last five years. And since our IPO, we’ve 
delivered an annualized total return for our 
shareholders of 20%, compared to 9% for the S&P 500.
We recognize that dividend income and growth is an 
important part of many of our shareholders’ portfolios. 
Our belief in our future growth, increasing profitability, 
and durability of cash flow led us to increase our 
dividend by 10% per share beginning in the first 
quarter of this year. That’s our highest dividend 
increase since 2021, and comes after a record 
$5 billion payout to shareholders in 2025. 
BlackRock’s Board of Directors continues to play an 
integral role in our governance, strategy, growth and 
success. Our directors bring a breadth of experience 
and backgrounds as advisors to our operations, 
strategy and management. A strong corporate 
governance framework is critical for executing on our 
strategy, fulfilling our fiduciary responsibilities to 
clients, and serving employee and shareholder 
interests over the long term. We are also focused on 
engaging with you, our shareholders, to better 
understand and address issues that are important 
to you. 
We’re entering 2026 with elevated momentum and 
we’re positioned ahead of significant future 
opportunities. We ended the year with 12% annualized 
organic base fee growth in the fourth quarter, record 
flows and a new AUM high of $14 trillion. We’re 
confident in our organic base fee growth ambitions. 
We’re focused on our margin and driving profitable 
growth. We believe this all should translate to future 
shareholder value through higher earnings and 
multiple expansion.
When we do well for our clients, we also do well for our 
employees and shareholders. I believe they’ll all be 
beneficiaries of our growth.
Thank you again for your continued commitment 
to BlackRock.
Sincerely,
Laurence D. Fink
Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
BlackRock entered 2026 with accelerating momentum 

=== PAGE 4 ===
Notice of 2026
Annual Meeting of Shareholders
.
Date & Time
Wednesday, 
May 20, 2026
8:00 a.m. ET
 
Location
www.virtualshareholder
meeting.com/BLK2026
 
 
Record Date
Monday, March 30, 2026
Your Vote is Important 
— How to Vote:
Internet
Visit the website listed on your 
proxy card. You will need the 
control number that appears 
on your proxy card when you 
access the webpage.
Mail
Complete and sign the proxy 
card and return it in the 
enclosed postage 
pre-paid envelope.
Telephone
If your shares are held in the 
name of a broker, bank or 
other nominee: follow the 
telephone voting instructions, 
if any, provided on your voting 
instruction card.
If your shares are registered in 
your name: call 
1-800-690-6903 and 
follow the telephone voting 
instructions. You will need the 
control number that appears 
on your proxy card.
During the Meeting
The meeting will be virtual. 
For details on voting your 
shares during the Annual 
Meeting, see “Questions and 
Answers About the Annual 
Meeting and Voting.”
Voting Matters
At or before the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (“Annual Meeting”), we ask that you 
vote on the following items:
Proposal
Board 
Recommendation
Page 
Reference
Item
1. 
Election of Directors
Vote FOR each
director nominee
7
Item
2. 
Approval, in a Non-Binding Advisory 
Vote, of the Compensation 
for Named Executive Officers
.
 
Vote FOR 
51
Item
3. 
Ratification of the Appointment of 
the Independent Registered Public 
Accounting Firm
Vote FOR 
110
Item
4. 
Amendment of Subsidiary Certificate 
of Incorporation to Remove Pass-
Through Voting Provision
.
 
Vote FOR 
113
Please note that we are furnishing proxy materials and access to our Proxy Statement to our 
shareholders via our website instead of mailing printed copies. This helps us save costs and 
reduce our impact on the environment. 
Beginning on April 10, 2026, we will mail or otherwise make available to each of our 
shareholders a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, which contains instructions 
on how to access our proxy materials and vote online. If you attend the Annual Meeting 
virtually, you may withdraw your proxy and vote online during the Annual Meeting if you so 
choose. 
Your vote is important, and we encourage you to vote promptly, whether or not you plan to 
attend the Annual Meeting.
By Order of the Board of Directors,
R. Andrew Dickson III
Corporate Secretary
April 10, 2026
BlackRock, Inc.
50 Hudson Yards
New York, New York 10001
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual 
Meeting to be held on Wednesday, May 20, 2026: Our Proxy Statement and 2025 
Annual Report are available free of charge on our website at https://ir.blackrock.com.
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 5 ===
Contents
Financial Highlights
II
Proxy Summary
1
Board Highlights
2
Governance Highlights
4
Pay-for-Performance Highlights
5
1. Election of Directors
7
Director Nominees
7
Director Nomination Process
8
Director Candidates
9
Criteria for Board Membership
9
Director Nominee Biographies
14
Corporate Governance
24
Our Corporate Governance Framework
24
Our Board and Culture
24
Beyond the Boardroom
26
Our Board Leadership Structure
27
Board Self-Evaluation Process
28
Board Refreshment
29
Board Committees
30
Sustainability at BlackRock
36
BlackRock’s Impact on its People
37
Corporate Governance Practices and Policies
40
2025 Director Compensation
43
Other Executive Officers
46
Ownership of BlackRock Common Stock
47
Certain Relationships and 
Related Transactions
49
Transactions with BlackRock Directors, Executive 
Officers and Other Related Parties
49
Management Development & 
Compensation Committee Interlocks 
and Insider Participation
50
2. Approval, in a Non-Binding Advisory 
Vote, of the Compensation for Named 
Executive Officers
51
Annual Message from the Chair of the Management 
Development & Compensation Committee
52
Management Development & 
Compensation Committee Report
53
Management Development & Compensation 
Committee Report on Executive Compensation for 
Fiscal Year 2025
53
Executive Compensation
54
Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
54
Executive Compensation Tables
95
CEO Pay Ratio for 2025
104
Pay Versus Performance
105
Equity Compensation Plan Information
109
3. Ratification of the Appointment of 
the Independent Registered Public 
Accounting Firm
110
Fees Incurred by BlackRock for Deloitte
111
Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy
111
Audit Committee Report
112
4. Amendment of Subsidiary Certificate 
of Incorporation to Remove Pass-
Through Voting Provision
113
Helpful Resources
115
Annual Meeting Information
116
Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting 
and Voting
116
Important Additional Information
119
Deadlines for Submission of Proxy Proposals, 
Nomination of Directors and Other Business 
of Shareholders
120
Other Matters
121
Annex A: Non-GAAP Reconciliation
A-1
Annex B: Amended and Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation of 
BlackRock Finance, Inc.
B-1
Index of Frequently Requested Information
BlackRock’s Impact on its People
37
Pay Versus Performance
105
Board and Committee Oversight of Cybersecurity
35
Peer Group
74
Board Composition
11
Public Policy Engagement
40
CEO Pay Ratio for 2025
104
Stock Ownership Guidelines for Directors
43
Clawback Policies 
92
Stock Ownership Guidelines for NEOs
91
Director Skills and Experience Matrix
13
Sustainability at BlackRock
36
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
I

=== PAGE 6 ===
Financial Highlights
2025 Financial Performance(1)
BlackRock delivered a strong year of performance across our entire platform. We executed on organic and inorganic 
growth opportunities and delivered exceptional results. BlackRock generated a record $698 billion of total net inflows 
in 2025, representing 6% organic asset growth and 9% organic base fee growth. BlackRock grew revenue by 19%, 
operating income, as adjusted, by 18% and earnings per share (“EPS”), as adjusted, by 10%. We returned a record $5.0 
billion to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. Our strong growth and momentum 
led us to increase our 2026 dividend per share by 10%. Long-term investment performance results across our 
alpha-seeking and index strategies as of December 31, 2025 remained strong and are detailed in Part I, Item 1 – 
Business of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 (the “2025 Form 10-K”). BlackRock 
will work to partner closely with clients across their whole portfolios, deliver durable returns for shareholders, and 
unlock further growth as we scale and invest ahead of structural trends.
DIFFERENTIATED ORGANIC GROWTH
OPERATING LEVERAGE
BlackRock generated 6% organic asset growth and 9% 
organic base fee growth in 2025, while revenue was up 
19%, driven by higher base fees, technology services and 
subscription revenue and performance fees.
BlackRock’s 2025 operating margin, as adjusted, of 
44.1% was down 40 basis points. Excluding the impact 
of performance fees and related compensation, 
operating margin, as adjusted, increased relative 
to 2024. 
2025 Organic
Asset Growth
6%
-1%
BlackRock
Traditional
Peers(2)
Revenue
($ billions)
$17.9
$20.4
$24.2
+14%
+19%
2023
2024
2025
BlackRock
Operating Income
($ billions)
(as adjusted)
$6.6
$8.1
$9.6
+23%
+18%
2023
2024
2025
BlackRock
Operating Margin
(as adjusted)
+280
  bps
-40
  bps
41.7%
44.5%
44.1%
2023
2024
2025
CONSISTENT CAPITAL RETURN
EARNINGS PER SHARE
BlackRock returned $5.0 billion to shareholders in 2025, 
including $1.6 billion in share repurchases. 
BlackRock’s 2025 diluted earnings per share, as 
adjusted, of $48.09 increased by 10% versus 2024, 
primarily due to higher operating income. 
Cash Dividends
Per Share
$20.00
$20.40 $20.84
+2%
+2%
2023
2024
2025
Share Buyback
($ billions)
$1.5
$1.6
$1.6
+8%
+0%
2023
2024
2025
Net Income
($ billions)
(as adjusted)
$5.7
$6.6
$7.7
+16%
+17%
2023
2024
2025
Earnings
Per Share ($)
(as adjusted)
$37.77
$43.61 $48.09
+15%
+10%
2023
2024
2025
(1)
Amounts in this section, where noted, are shown on an “as adjusted” basis. For a reconciliation with GAAP, please see Annex A. 
Beginning in the first quarter of 2023, BlackRock updated the definitions of its non-GAAP financial measures to exclude the 
impact of market valuation changes on certain deferred cash compensation plans which the Company began economically 
hedging in 2023. Beginning in the third quarter of 2025, diluted earnings per share, as adjusted, assumes all Class B-2 common 
units ("Subco Units") of BlackRock Saturn Subco, LLC ("Subco"), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, have been exchanged 
in accordance with their terms on a one-for-one basis into common stock of BlackRock. As of December 31, 2025, there were 
155.1 million shares of common stock and 7.7 million Subco Units outstanding. 
(2)
Traditional Peers refers to public company asset managers: Alliance Bernstein, Affiliated Managers Group, Franklin Resources, 
Invesco and T. Rowe Price.
II
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 7 ===
Proxy Summary
This summary provides an overview of selected information in this year’s Proxy Statement, which is first being sent or 
made available to shareholders on April 10, 2026. We encourage you to read the entire Proxy Statement before voting.
Voting Matters
Shareholders will be asked to vote on the following matters at the Annual Meeting: 
Proposal
Board 
Recommendation
Page 
Reference
Item
 1.
Election of Directors
The Board believes that each of the director nominees has the 
knowledge, experience and skills necessary to contribute to an 
effective and well-functioning Board.
Vote FOR 
each director 
nominee
7 u
Item 
2.
Approval, in a Non-Binding Advisory Vote, of the Compensation 
for Named Executive Officers
BlackRock seeks a non-binding advisory vote from its 
shareholders to approve the compensation of the NEOs as 
disclosed in this Proxy Statement. The Board values the opinions 
of our shareholders and will take into consideration the outcome 
of the advisory vote when considering future executive 
compensation decisions.
Vote FOR 
51 u
Item 
3.
Ratification of the Appointment of the Independent Registered 
Public Accounting Firm
The Audit Committee has appointed Deloitte to serve as BlackRock’s 
independent registered public accounting firm for the 2026 calendar 
year, and this appointment is being submitted to our shareholders 
for ratification. The Audit Committee and the Board believe that the 
continued retention of Deloitte to serve as BlackRock’s independent 
auditor is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.
Vote FOR 
110 u
Item 
4.
Amendment of Subsidiary Certificate of Incorporation to 
Remove Pass-Through Voting Provision
The Board recommends that shareholders approve an amendment to 
the certificate of incorporation of BlackRock Finance, Inc., a 
subsidiary of the Company, to remove a provision which requires the 
Company's shareholders to approve certain corporate actions 
relating to the subsidiary (the “Pass-Through Voting Provision”). This 
Pass-Through Voting Provision is highly unusual for a consolidated 
subsidiary of a public company, and we are seeking to remove it to 
maintain maximum flexibility for future corporate actions.
Vote FOR
113 u
What’s New?
We continually review our approach to corporate governance and executive compensation in an effort to 
maintain a culture of high performance, collaboration, innovation and fiduciary responsibility. We believe 
providing a broader understanding of our perspectives on certain items will be beneficial to you as you consider 
this year’s voting matters. This year’s new or updated items include:
• New or enhanced disclosure on our executive compensation program and 2025 NEO pay outcomes. See:
– “MDCC’s Use and Rationale of Context-Informed Judgment within our Annual NEO Framework” on page 62 u
– “2025 Say-on-Pay Response” and “Shareholder Areas of Focus, Feedback, and MDCC Response” on pages 64 
and 65 u
– “2025 NEO Compensation and Performance Summaries” on page 76 u
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
1

=== PAGE 8 ===
Board Highlights
BOARD TENURE
BOARD  INDEPENDENCE 
AND LEADERSHIP
BOARD PROFILE
≤5 Years
7 director 
nominees (37%)
Independent
16 Director 
nominees
19 director 
nominees
>5 - ≤10 Years
5 director 
nominees (26%)
Not 
Independent
3 Director 
nominees
Women
6 director nominees
>10 Years
7 director 
nominees (37%)
Racially/ 
Ethnically Diverse
3 director nominees
Director self-identification 
of race / ethnicity:
2 Black / African American
1 Middle Eastern / 
North African
9 years
Average tenure of all 
director nominees
8 years
Average tenure of independent 
director nominees
84%
Independent
Each year the Board reviews 
and evaluates our Board leadership 
structure. The Board has re-
appointed Laurence D. Fink as its 
Chairman and Murry S. Gerber as its 
Lead Independent Director.
42%
of director nominees are women or self 
identify as racially/ethnically diverse.
The slate of director nominees includes 
seven non-U.S. or dual citizens. Several 
of our director nominees live and work 
overseas in countries and regions that 
are key areas of growth and investment 
for BlackRock, including Canada, the 
Middle East and Europe.
BOARD REFRESHMENT
2020 - 2025
2026
 
 
 
 
 
 
6 new directors
1 new director
BOARD EXPERTISE
Core qualifications and areas of expertise represented by our director nominees include the following. For full 
descriptions of the below categories, see “Director Skills and Experience Matrix” on page 13.
Senior Executive & 
Corporate Governance
 19/19 
Financial Services
 11/19 
Public Policy & Government/
Regulatory Affairs
 7/19
Global 
Business
 16/19
Risk Management & 
Compliance
 11/19 
Sustainability
 7/19 
 
Public Company & 
Financial Reporting
 12/19 
Technology
 
9/19 
 
Branding &
Marketing
 6/19 
Proxy Summary
2
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 9 ===
Our Director Nominees
Age at
Record 
Date
Director
since
IND
Committee Memberships
(effective following the Annual Meeting)
Nominee
Audit
MDCC
 NGC
 Risk 
Executive
Pamela Daley
Former Senior Vice President of Corporate Business 
Development, General Electric Company
73
2014
Laurence D. Fink
Chairman and CEO of BlackRock
73
1999
Gregory J. Fleming
President and CEO of Rockefeller Capital Management 
63
2025
William E. Ford
Chairman and CEO of General Atlantic
64
2018
Fabrizio Freda
Former President and CEO of Estée Lauder Companies Inc.
68
2012
Murry S. Gerber
Former Chairman and CEO of EQT Corporation
73
2000
LID
Margaret “Peggy” L. Johnson
CEO of Agility Robotics
64
2018
Robert S. Kapito
President of BlackRock
69
2006
Gregg R. Lemkau
Co-CEO of BDT & MSD Partners
56
2026
Cheryl D. Mills
Founder and CEO of BlackIvy Group
61
2013
Kathleen Murphy
Former President of Personal Investing, Fidelity Investments
63
2025
Amin H. Nasser
President and CEO of Saudi Arabian Oil Co. (Aramco)
67
2023
Gordon M. Nixon
Former President and CEO of Royal Bank of Canada
69
2015
Adebayo Ogunlesi
Chairman and CEO of Global Infrastructure Partners
72
2024
Kristin C. Peck
CEO of Zoetis, Inc.
54
2021
Charles H. Robbins
Chairman and CEO of Cisco Systems, Inc.
60
2017
Hans E. Vestberg
Special Advisor, Former Chairman and CEO of Verizon 
Communications, Inc.
60
2021
Susan L. Wagner
Former Vice Chairman of BlackRock
64
2012
Mark Wilson
CEO of RIQ
59
2018
Independent
LID Lead Independent Director
Chairperson
Proxy Summary
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
3

=== PAGE 10 ===
Governance Highlights
Governance Practices
BlackRock has adopted robust corporate governance policies that facilitate strong Board leadership and strategic 
deliberation, prudent management practices and transparency. 
Highlights of our governance practices include: 
Shareholder Rights
•
Annual election of directors 
•
Majority voting for directors in uncontested elections 
•
Proxy access for shareholders 
•
Shareholder right to call special meetings 
Board and Committee Oversight
•
Risk oversight by Board and Committees 
•
Human capital management oversight by 
Board and Committees 
•
NGC oversight of investment stewardship, corporate 
sustainability, philanthropic program and strategy, and 
corporate political activities 
Board Structure and Independence
•
Lead Independent Director may call special meetings of 
directors without management present 
•
Executive sessions of independent directors 
•
Annual Board and Committee self-evaluations 
•
Annual review of Committee charters and Corporate 
Governance Guidelines 
Additional Governance Practices
•
Strong investor outreach program 
•
Annual advisory vote on executive compensation 
•
Meaningful stock ownership requirements for directors 
and executive officers 
Stock Ownership Guidelines
At BlackRock, we believe substantial stock ownership by senior leaders is essential to aligning management’s interests with 
those of our shareholders. Our guidelines ensure senior executives maintain a significant financial stake in BlackRock’s future. 
In 2025, after considering prevailing market practices and input from the MDCC’s compensation consultant, BlackRock 
simplified and expanded our stock ownership expectations for leadership, including:
•
Increasing ownership thresholds for the CEO and President by 50% to $15 million and $7.5 million, respectively;
•
Increasing ownership thresholds for other executive officers and certain other senior leaders by 150% to $5 million; and
•
Expanding the non-officer executive population subject to our stock ownership guidelines to more than 40 executives, 
generally subject to an ownership threshold of $2 million or greater, with the ownership threshold for the Chief Accounting 
Officer at $1.2 million.
As of December 31, 2025, all NEOs exceeded our stock ownership guidelines.
For more information about stock ownership guidelines, see “Compensation Discussion & Analysis - Stock Ownership 
Guidelines” on page 91. 
Shareholder Engagement and Outreach 
OUR SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT PROCESS 
We conduct shareholder outreach throughout the year to engage with shareholders on issues that are important to them. We 
report back to our Board on this engagement and specific issues to be addressed. 
1. Engagement
BlackRock regularly engages with the investment 
community through active outreach and in response to 
inbound inquiries. Engagements with existing or 
prospective investors and investment analysts are led by 
our Investor Relations team and are typically focused on 
strategy and financial and operating performance. We also 
hold engagements with stewardship teams and investors 
focused on corporate governance matters, including, but 
not limited to, executive compensation and corporate 
governance policies. These sessions are driven by our 
Investor Relations team and the Corporate Secretary’s 
Office. We take a holistic approach in communicating with 
shareholders, with governance engagements often 
including both investors and stewardship officers and 
covering governance topics as well as BlackRock’s broader 
strategy and performance.
2. Communication
BlackRock routinely interacts and communicates with 
shareholders through a number of other forums, including 
quarterly earnings presentations, SEC filings, the Annual 
Report and Proxy Statement, the annual shareholder 
meeting, investor meetings with BlackRock Investor 
Relations and senior management, and conferences and 
web communications.
3. Feedback
We share shareholder feedback and trends and 
developments about corporate governance, executive 
compensation and corporate sustainability matters with 
our Board, MDCC and NGC as we seek to enhance our 
practices and improve our disclosures.
We solicited feedback from our 50 largest shareholders, 
representing ~65% of our outstanding shares, on 
governance and compensation topics.
Proxy Summary
4
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 11 ===
Pay-for-Performance Highlights
How We Pay NEOs
Each of BlackRock’s NEOs, through their various roles and responsibilities, contributes to the firmwide objectives 
summarized below. Under the NEO Total Incentive Award determination framework, the MDCC assesses each NEO’s 
performance individually, based on three categories, with 50% of the award opportunity dependent on BlackRock’s 
achievement of financial performance goals, 25% dependent on BlackRock’s progress towards meeting its strategic 
objectives as measured by its business strength, and 25% dependent on BlackRock’s progress towards meeting its 
organizational priorities. The NEOs’ performance assessments have a direct link to their total incentive outcome 
determinations, including the sizing of each of their incentive components (Annual Cash Bonus, Annual RSU Incentive, 
BlackRock Performance Incentive Plan (“BPIP”) awards, and, for the CEO and select senior leaders, Carry Incentive). For 
additional insight into pay determination and the performance assessments for each NEO, please refer to the section 
“2025 NEO Compensation and Performance Summaries” on page 76. 
Annual NEO Framework: 2025 NEO Pre-Set Performance Scorecard
Balanced Scorecard:
Category Weights
Measures Include:
Financial 
Performance
•
Priority 1: Drive 
profitable growth
◦
Next 12-Month P/E Multiple 
(including relative premium)
◦
Total Shareholder Return
◦
Diluted EPS, as adjusted(1)
◦
Operating Income, 
as adjusted(1)
•
Priority 2: Accelerate organic 
revenue growth 
◦
Net New Business
◦
Organic Revenue Growth
•
Priority 3: Enhance 
operating leverage 
◦
Operating Margin, 
as adjusted(1)
◦
Operating Margin, as 
adjusted, excluding the 
impact of performance fees 
and related 
compensation(1)(2)
◦
Organic Revenue less 
Controllable Expense 
Growth(1)(3)
Business 
Strength
•
Deliver on commitments to clients (e.g., investment performance and protecting client interests)
•
Grow with our clients' needs 
•
Innovate how we serve clients
•
Lead in a changing world (e.g., thought leadership and stewardship of better financial futures 
across globe)
Organizational 
Strength
  
•
Leadership development (e.g., attracting, developing and retaining talent and continuing to fortify 
executive succession plans)
•
Talent & Culture (e.g., employee engagement, wellness and connectivity to the BlackRock Principles)
•
Organizational effectiveness (e.g., performance and achievements relating to the strength of 
BlackRock’s internal corporate and operating platforms and corporate sustainability)
(1)
See Annex A for further information on as adjusted items and reconciliations to GAAP.
(2)
Operating Margin, as adjusted, excluding the impact of performance fees and related compensation, provides further insight into 
the Company’s operating leverage and is intended to enhance comparability across time periods by excluding the impact of 
episodic performance fees and related compensation.
(3)
Organic Revenue less Controllable Expense Growth is defined as Organic Revenue Growth (as defined on page 70) less growth in 
certain expenses that the Company views as controllable, which primarily consist of general and administration expense and the 
non-incentive portion of compensation and benefits. This metric is intended to provide insight into the Company’s ability to 
enhance operating leverage by growing organic revenues at or faster than controllable expenses. 
ASSESSMENT/TOTAL INCENTIVE AWARD GROWTH OUTCOME 
(% change from the prior year’s awards)(1)
Does not achieve
Partially meets
Meets/Exceeds
Far exceeds
 -100% to -40%
 -40% to -10%
 -10% to +10%
 +10% to +35%
(1)
2025 Total Incentive Award is calculated using 2024 Total Incentive Award outcomes multiplied by the applicable Total Incentive 
Award growth outcome percentage.
Proxy Summary
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
5
25%
25%
50%

=== PAGE 12 ===
NEO Total Annual Compensation Summary
Following a review of full-year business and individual NEO performance, the MDCC determined 2025 Total Annual Compensation 
outcomes for each NEO, as outlined in the table below. Total Annual Compensation (“TAC”) includes base salary and Total Incentive 
Awards (Annual Cash Bonus, Annual RSU Incentives and BPIP equity awards). 
Name
Base
Salary
2025 Total Incentive Award
Total Annual
Compensation
(TAC)
Annual Cash
 Bonus
Annual RSU 
Incentive(2)
BPIP(3)
Laurence D. Fink(1)
$ 1,500,000 
$ 10,567,500 
$ 8,432,500 
$ 
24,500,000 
$ 45,000,000 
Robert S. Kapito
$ 1,250,000 
$ 7,000,000 
$ 6,000,000 
$ 
16,750,000 
$ 31,000,000 
Robert L. Goldstein
$ 750,000 
$ 5,001,850 
$ 5,087,650 
$ 
8,500,000 
$ 19,339,500 
Martin S. Small
$ 750,000 
$ 5,001,850 
$ 5,087,650 
$ 
8,500,000 
$ 19,339,500 
J. Richard Kushel
$ 750,000 
$ 3,375,000 
$ 2,625,000 
$ 
6,250,000 
$ 13,000,000 
(1)
In addition to the compensation elements outlined above, Mr. Fink received a long-term incentive in the form of carried interest 
tied to BlackRock’s private markets growth. More information about this award can be found under “CEO Carry Incentive” on 
page 72.
(2)
Grants of BlackRock equity, including the Annual RSU Incentive and BPIP awards, are approved by the MDCC under the 
BlackRock, Inc. Third Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (“Stock Plan”), which has been previously 
approved by shareholders.
(3)
The value of the 2025 BPIP awards and the value of the Annual RSU Incentive were converted into RSUs by dividing the award 
value by $1,170.18, which represented the average of the high and low prices per share of BlackRock common stock on 
January 16, 2026.
The amounts listed above as “2025 Total Incentive Award: Annual RSU Incentive” and “2025 Total Incentive Award: BPIP” were granted 
in January 2026 in the form of equity and are in addition to cash award amounts listed above as “2025 Total Incentive Award: Annual 
Cash Bonus.” In accordance with SEC requirements, the “2025 Summary Compensation Table” on page 95 reports equity in the year 
granted, but cash in the year earned. 
In January 2026, the MDCC approved the adoption of a carry-based long-term incentive program for select senior executives other 
than the CEO, referred to as the Executive Carry Program (the “ECP”). The ECP is designed to align the long-term interests of senior 
enterprise leaders with the performance of BlackRock’s private markets investment platform and long-term value creation. The ECP 
strengthens BlackRock’s ability to attract, retain and motivate key senior leaders during a period of sustained growth and 
transformation in private markets. Under the ECP, the MDCC approved allocations of carried interest as part of the 2025 long-term 
incentives of select executives. Two NEOs, Mr. Goldstein and Mr. Small, were identified to participate in the ECP. More information 
about this award can be found under “Executive Carry Program” starting on page 72. 
Pay-for-Performance Compensation Structure for NEOs
Our total annual compensation structure embodies our commitment to align pay with performance. More than 95% of our regular 
annual NEO compensation is performance-based and “at-risk.” Compensation mix percentages shown below are based on 2025 
year-end compensation decisions by the MDCC for individual NEOs.
CEO 2025 TOTAL ANNUAL 
COMPENSATION
OTHER NEOs 2025 TOTAL ANNUAL 
COMPENSATION
 
 
3%
23%
19%
54%
4%
25%
23%
48%
Base Salary 
Cash
Annual 
Cash Bonus
LTI
Annual RSU 
Incentive
LTI 
BPIP (Performance-
Based RSUs)
Base Salary 
Cash
Annual 
Cash Bonus
LTI
Annual RSU 
Incentive
LTI 
BPIP (Performance- 
Based RSUs)
(1)
Includes Annual Cash Bonus, Annual RSU Incentive and BlackRock Performance Incentive Plan (BPIP) awards.
(2)
Includes the Annual RSU Incentive and BPIP awards.
(3)
Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding.
Proxy Summary
6
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
73%
Long-Term 
Incentive(2) 
97%
Variable 
and based on
performance(1) 
71%
Long-Term
Incentive(2)
96%
Variable 
and based on
performance(1) 

=== PAGE 13 ===
ITEM 1
Election of Directors
Director Nominees
7
Director Nomination Process 
8
Criteria for Board Membership 
9
Director Nominee Biographies 
14
For this year’s election, the Board has nominated 19 director candidates. 
The Board believes these director nominees provide BlackRock with the 
combined depth and breadth of skills, experience and qualities required 
to contribute to an effective and well-functioning Board.
The biographical information about each director nominee highlights 
the particular experience, qualifications, attributes and skills possessed 
by such director nominee that led the Board to determine that he or she 
should serve as director. All director nominee biographical information is 
as of March 30, 2026.
 
BlackRock’s Board of Directors 
continues to play an integral 
role in our governance, 
strategy, growth and success.”
Laurence D. Fink
Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer
Board Recommendation
 
The Board of Directors recommends shareholders vote “FOR” the election 
of each of the following 19 director nominees.
Director Nominees
Our Board has nominated 19 directors for election at this year’s Annual Meeting on the recommendation of our NGC. 
Each director will serve until our next annual meeting and until his or her successor has been duly elected, or until his 
or her earlier death, resignation or retirement.
We expect each director nominee to be able to serve if elected. If a nominee is unable to serve, proxies will be voted in 
favor of the remainder of the director nominees and may be voted for substitute nominees, unless the Board decides to 
reduce its total size.
If all 19 director nominees are elected, our Board will consist of 19 directors, 16 of whom, representing approximately 
84% of the Board, will be “independent” as defined in the NYSE listing standards.
Majority Vote Standard for Election of Directors
Directors are elected by receiving a majority of the votes cast in uncontested elections, which means the number of 
shares voted “for” a director nominee must exceed the number of shares voted “against” that director nominee. In a 
contested election, directors are elected by receiving a plurality of the shares represented in person or by proxy at any 
meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. A contested election is a situation in which the number of 
nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected. Whether an election is contested is determined seven days in 
advance of when we file our definitive Proxy Statement with the SEC.
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
7

=== PAGE 14 ===
Director Resignation Policy
Any incumbent director who fails to receive a majority of votes cast in an uncontested election must tender his or her 
resignation to the Board. The NGC will then make a recommendation to the Board about whether to accept or reject the 
resignation or take other action. The Board will act on the NGC’s recommendation and publicly disclose its decision 
and rationale within 90 days from the date the election results are certified. The director who tenders his or her 
resignation under the Director Resignation Policy will not participate in the Board’s decision.
Director Nomination Process 
The NGC oversees the director nomination process. The NGC leads the Board’s annual review of Board performance 
and reviews and recommends to the Board enhancements to BlackRock’s Corporate Governance Guidelines, which 
include the minimum criteria for Board membership. The NGC also assists the Board in identifying individuals qualified 
to become Board members and recommends to the Board a slate of candidates, which may include both incumbent 
and new director nominees, to nominate for election at each annual meeting of shareholders. The NGC also may 
recommend that the Board elect new members to the Board to serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders. 
Identifying and Evaluating Candidates for Director 
The NGC seeks advice from current directors when identifying and evaluating new candidates for director. The NGC 
also may engage third-party firms that specialize in identifying director candidates to assist with its search. 
Shareholders can recommend a candidate for election to the Board by submitting director recommendations to the 
NGC. For information on the requirements for shareholder nominations for the election of directors, please see 
“Deadlines for Submission of Proxy Proposals, Nomination of Directors and Other Business of Shareholders” on page 120. 
The NGC reviews publicly available information regarding each potential director candidate to assess whether the 
candidate should be considered further. If the NGC determines that a candidate warrants further consideration and the 
candidate expresses a willingness to be considered and capacity to serve on the Board, the NGC typically requests 
information from the candidate and members of the NGC and Board meet with the candidate. The NGC also reviews the 
candidate’s accomplishments and qualifications against the criteria described under “Criteria for Board Membership” 
on page 9.
The NGC’s evaluation process does not vary based on whether a candidate is recommended by a shareholder, although 
the NGC may consider the number of shares held by the recommending shareholder and the length of time that such 
shares have been held. 
• Identifying Director 
Candidates
Potential candidates for director may be identified by our directors, a 
third-party search firm or shareholders.
• Review of 
Candidate Pool
The NGC reviews candidates to determine whether candidates warrant 
further consideration.
• In-Depth 
Candidate Review
Candidates may meet with members of the NGC and the Board and will be 
evaluated for independence and potential conflicts, skills and experience, 
and their ability to contribute to the Board.
• Recommend Director 
Nominee Slate
The NGC recommends candidates for appointment or election 
to our Board.
 
Item 1 Election of Directors 
8
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 15 ===
Director Candidates 
In conjunction with its recurring review of Board and Committee composition and in order to maintain a Board with an 
appropriate mix of experience and qualifications, the NGC engages in an ongoing process to identify and evaluate, as 
appropriate, potential new director candidates with the help of management and an outside consultant. Consistent 
with our long-term strategic goals and the qualifications and attributes described in this Item 1, search criteria may 
include significant leadership experience, expertise in financial services or the technology sector, or international 
experience. Particular emphasis in the search process is also placed on identifying candidates currently serving in 
leadership positions. 
New Director Candidates 
In July 2025, the NGC identified Gregg R. Lemkau as a candidate with significant leadership and experience in financial 
services and investment management and recommended him to the Board for consideration. Mr. Lemkau was 
recommended for consideration to the NGC by a third-party search firm. On January 27, 2026, Mr. Lemkau was elected 
to the Board.
Criteria for Board Membership 
1.
Director Independence
No director is considered independent unless the 
Board has determined that he or she has no material 
relationship with BlackRock.
If all 19 director nominees are elected, approximately 
84% of the Board, or 16 out of 19 directors, will be 
“independent” as defined in the NYSE listing standards.
2.
Director Qualifications and Attributes
Nominees for director are selected on the basis of 
experience, knowledge, skills, expertise, ability to make 
independent analytical inquiries, understanding of 
BlackRock’s business environment and a willingness to 
devote adequate time and effort to the responsibilities of 
the Board.
3.
Board Composition
The Board believes that diversity in thought, experience, 
skills and viewpoints contributes to, and enhances, the 
Board’s capabilities. 
The Board and NGC regularly review the overall 
composition of the Board and its Committees to assess 
whether it reflects the appropriate mix of skills, 
experience and qualifications that are relevant to 
BlackRock’s current and future global business 
and strategy. 
4.
Board Tenure
The Board considers, among other factors, length of 
tenure when reviewing nominees to ensure that the 
Board has an appropriate balance of experience, 
continuity and fresh perspective.
5.
Director Retirement Age and Board Size
As reflected in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the 
Board has established a retirement age policy of 
75 years for directors.
The Board believes that its size, albeit larger than the 
average S&P 500 public company board, helps to 
achieve the diversity of thought, experience and 
geographical expertise necessary to oversee our 
global business.
6.
Service on Other Public Company Boards
Neither BlackRock’s CEO nor President currently 
serves on the board of directors of any other public 
company, and none of our director nominees will serve 
on more than four public company boards, inclusive of 
BlackRock’s Board, at the time of our Annual Meeting.
No director nominees who are public company named 
executive officers serve on more than two public 
company boards, inclusive of BlackRock’s Board.
Item 1 Election of Directors
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
9

=== PAGE 16 ===
1. Director Independence 
Each year, the Board determines the independence of directors in accordance with NYSE listing standards. No 
director is considered independent unless the Board has determined that he or she has no material relationship 
with BlackRock.
The Board has adopted Categorical Standards of Director Independence (the “Categorical Standards”) to help 
determine whether certain relationships between the members of the Board and BlackRock or its affiliates and 
subsidiaries (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with 
BlackRock) are material relationships for purposes of NYSE listing standards. The Categorical Standards provide that 
the following relationships are not material for such purposes: 
Relationship Type
Description
Conditions / Qualifications
Ordinary Course 
Business 
Relationships
Relationships arising in the ordinary 
course of business, such as asset 
management, acting as trustee, 
lending, deposit, banking or other 
financial service relationships or 
other relationships involving the 
provision of products or services
So long as the products and services are being provided 
in the ordinary course of business and on substantially 
the same terms and conditions, including price, as 
would be available to similarly situated customers
Shareholder/
Partnership 
Relationships
Relationships with companies of 
which a director is a shareholder or 
partnerships of which a director 
is a partner
Provided the director is not a principal shareholder of 
the company or a principal partner of the partnership
Charitable 
Contributions
Contributions made or pledged to 
charitable organizations of which a 
director or an immediate family 
member of the director is an 
executive officer, director or trustee
Provided that (i) within the preceding three years, the 
aggregate amount of such contributions during any 
single fiscal year of the charitable organization did not 
exceed the greater of $1 million or 2% of the charitable 
organization’s consolidated gross revenues for that 
fiscal year; and (ii) the charitable organization is not a 
family foundation created by the director or an 
immediate family member of the director
Relationships 
Involving Relatives
Relationships involving a 
director’s relative
Unless the relative is an immediate family member of 
the director
As part of its determination, the Board also considers the relationships described under “Certain Relationships and 
Related Transactions” on page 49.
In March 2026, the NGC made a recommendation to the Board regarding the independence of our director nominees 
based on its annual review. In making its independence determinations, the NGC and the Board considered various 
transactions and relationships between BlackRock and the director nominees as well as between BlackRock and 
entities affiliated with director nominees, including the relationships described under “Certain Relationships and 
Related Transactions” on page 49. The NGC also considered that Mr. Fleming is and Mr. Vestberg was employed by 
organizations that do business with BlackRock, where each of such transactional relationships was for the purchase or 
sale of goods and services in the ordinary course of BlackRock’s business, and the amount received by BlackRock or 
such company in each of the previous three years did not exceed the greater of $1 million or 2% of either BlackRock’s 
or such organization’s consolidated gross revenues. As a result of this review, the Board determined that Mses. Daley, 
Johnson, Mills, Murphy, Peck and Wagner and Messrs. Fleming, Ford, Freda, Gerber, Lemkau, Nasser, Nixon, Robbins, 
Vestberg and Wilson are “independent” as defined in the NYSE listing standards and that none of the relationships 
between these director nominees and BlackRock are material under the NYSE listing standards. 
Following the Annual Meeting, assuming all of the 
nominated directors are elected, BlackRock’s Board will 
consist of 19 directors, 16 of whom, representing 
approximately 84% of the Board, will be “independent” 
as defined in the NYSE listing standards. 
Independence
16
independent Directors
84%
of the Board will be independent
Item 1 Election of Directors 
10
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 17 ===
COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATORY AND INDEPENDENCE REQUIREMENTS 
The NGC takes into consideration regulatory requirements, including competitive restrictions, and independence 
requirements under the NYSE listing standards and our Corporate Governance Guidelines in its review of director 
candidates for the Board and its Committees. The NGC also considers a director candidate’s current and past positions 
held, including past and present board and committee memberships, as part of its evaluation. 
2. Director Qualifications and Attributes 
The NGC and the Board take into consideration a number of factors and criteria when reviewing candidates for 
nomination to the Board. The Board believes that, at a minimum, a director nominee must demonstrate, by significant 
accomplishment in his or her field, an ability to make a meaningful contribution to the Board’s oversight of the 
business and affairs of BlackRock. A director nominee must also have an impeccable record and reputation for honest 
and ethical conduct in his or her professional and personal activities. 
Nominees for director are selected on the basis of experience, knowledge, skills, expertise, ability to make independent 
analytical inquiries, understanding of BlackRock’s business environment and a willingness to devote adequate time 
and effort to the responsibilities of the Board. In addition, in anticipation of its recommendation to the Board of each 
year’s nominees for election as director, the NGC reviews directors’ independence, attendance at Board and Committee 
meetings and membership on other public company boards. 
3. Board Composition 
The Board believes that diversity in thought, experience, skills and viewpoints contributes to and enhances its 
capabilities. Moreover, the Board views diversity among its members as critical to the success of the Company and the 
Board’s ability to create long-term value for our shareholders. The various experiences of our individual directors help 
the Board better oversee BlackRock’s management and operations and assess risk and opportunities for the Company 
from a variety of perspectives. Diversity among the Board’s members enhances its oversight of our multifaceted long-
term strategy and inspires deeper engagement with management, employees and clients around the world. 
Our Board has nominated 19 candidates for election, 16 of whom are independent. Several of our nominees live and 
work overseas in countries and regions that are key areas of growth and investment for BlackRock, including Canada, 
the Middle East and Europe. 
As BlackRock’s business has evolved, so has our Board. Our slate of director nominees consists of senior leaders, 
including 15 current or former company CEOs, with substantial experience in financial services, consumer products, 
manufacturing, technology, pharmaceuticals, banking, infrastructure and energy. 
4. Board Tenure
To ensure the Board has an appropriate balance of experience, continuity and fresh perspective, the Board considers, 
among other factors, length of tenure when reviewing nominees. The average tenure of BlackRock’s director nominees 
is approximately nine years and the average tenure of independent director nominees is approximately eight years. 
Following the Annual Meeting, assuming all of the nominated directors are elected, there will be 7 directors, comprising 
37% of the Board, who have joined the Board within the past five years and bring fresh perspective to Board 
deliberations. Five directors, comprising 26% of the Board, have served between five and 10 years. Seven directors 
(including our CEO and President), comprising 37% of the Board, have served more than 10 years and bring a wealth 
of experience and knowledge concerning BlackRock. The Board believes it is important to balance refreshment with the 
need to retain directors who have developed, over time, significant insight into the Company and its operations and 
who continue to make valuable contributions to the Company that benefit our shareholders. 
Item 1 Election of Directors
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
11

=== PAGE 18 ===
5. Director Retirement Age and Board Size
Retirement Age. The Board has established a retirement age policy of 75 years for directors, as reflected in our 
Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Board believes that it is important to monitor its composition, skills and 
needs in the context of the Company’s long-term strategic goals, and, therefore, may elect to waive the policy as it 
deems appropriate. 
Board Size. The Board has not adopted a policy that sets a target for Board size and believes the current size and 
composition of the Board is best suited to evaluate management’s performance and oversee BlackRock’s global 
strategy, complex operations and risk management. 
The NGC and the Board evaluate Board and Committee performance and effectiveness on at least an annual basis and, 
as part of that process, ask each director to consider whether the size and composition of the Board and its standing 
Committees are appropriate. For more detail regarding Board and Committee self-evaluations, see “Board 
Self-Evaluation Process” on page 28. 
6. Service on Other Public Company Boards 
Each of our directors must have the time and ability to make a constructive contribution to the Board as well as a clear 
commitment to fulfilling the fiduciary duties required of directors and serving the interests of the Company’s 
shareholders. Neither BlackRock’s CEO nor President currently serves on the board of directors of any other public 
company, and none of our director nominees will serve on more than four public company boards, including 
BlackRock’s Board, at the time of the Annual Meeting. As of the date of this proxy statement, Gordon Nixon serves on 
four public company boards, inclusive of BlackRock’s Board. Mr. Nixon will not seek re-election at BCE Inc.’s Annual 
General Shareholder Meeting on May 7, 2026 and as of that date, Mr. Nixon will be serving on only three public 
company boards, inclusive of BlackRock’s Board. For director nominees who are public company named executive 
officers, none serve on more than two public company boards, including BlackRock’s Board.
Item 1 Election of Directors 
12
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 19 ===
 
Director Skills and Experience Matrix 
Experience(1)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
Senior Executive & Corporate Governance: 
Directors bring valuable senior executive 
experience on matters relating to corporate 
governance, management, operations 
and compensation.
 
Branding & Marketing: Directors 
bring expertise in brand development, 
marketing and sales at a global scale 
and in local markets relevant to 
BlackRock’s business.
 
Financial Services: Directors possess 
in-depth knowledge of the financial services 
industry or asset management.
Global Business: Directors provide 
expertise in international business strategy 
and operations relevant to BlackRock’s 
global business.
 
Public Company & Financial Reporting: 
Directors have experience in the oversight 
of internal controls and reporting of public 
company financial and operating results.
 
Public Policy & Government/Regulatory 
Affairs: Directors possess insight and 
experience in managing governmental and 
regulatory affairs.
  
Risk Management & Compliance: 
Directors possess in-depth knowledge and 
experience with risk management 
and compliance matters relevant to 
BlackRock’s global business.
 
Sustainability: Directors bring experience 
in the areas of environmental impact, 
corporate responsibility or strategies to 
develop long-term shareholder value.
Technology: Directors possess experience 
with the development, application or and 
adoption of new or emerging technologies 
or the management of information security, 
cybersecurity or other related 
risks at companies.
Tenure (years)
12 26 <1
8
13 26
8
19 <1 12 <1
2
10
1
4
8
4
13
8
(1)
Information as of March 30, 2026. A “ ” in the chart indicates a specific area of focus or expertise that is particularly relevant to a 
director’s service on BlackRock’s Board. The lack of a “ ” does not mean that a director does not also possess meaningful 
experience or skill in that area. 
Item 1 Election of Directors
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
13
P. Daley
L. Fink
G. Fleming
W. Ford
F. Freda
M. Gerber
M. Johnson
R. Kapito
G. Lemkau
C. Mills
K. Murphy
A. Nasser
G. Nixon
A. Ogunlesi
K. Peck
C. Robbins
H. Vestberg
S. Wagner
M. Wilson

=== PAGE 20 ===
Director Nominee Biographies
Pamela Daley
AGE
73
TENURE
12 Years
COMMITTEES
Audit
MDCC
Risk
EXPERIENCE
• Senior Executive & Corporate Governance
• Global Business
• Public Company & Financial Reporting
• Risk Management & Compliance
• Sustainability
Ms. Daley retired from General Electric Company (GE) in January 2014, having most recently served as a Senior 
Advisor to its Chairman from April 2013 to December 2013. Prior to this role, Ms. Daley served as GE’s Senior 
Vice President of Corporate Business Development from 2004 to 2013 and as Vice President and Senior 
Counsel for Transactions from 1991 to 2004. As Senior Vice President, Ms. Daley was responsible for GE’s 
mergers, acquisitions and divestiture activities worldwide. Previously, Ms. Daley was a Partner of Morgan, 
Lewis & Bockius, a large U.S. law firm, where she specialized in domestic and cross-border tax-oriented 
financings and commercial transactions.
QUALIFICATIONS
With over 35 years of transactional experience and more than 20 years as an executive at GE, one of the world’s 
leading multinational corporations, Ms. Daley brings significant experience and strategic insight to the Board in 
the areas of leadership development, international operations, strategic transactions, finance and financial 
reporting, business development and strategy.
Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years)
• BP p.l.c. (2018 – 2025)
• SecureWorks Corp. (2016 – 2025)
Laurence D. Fink
AGE
73
TENURE
26 Years
COMMITTEES
Executive 
(Chair)
EXPERIENCE
• Senior Executive & Corporate Governance
• Financial Services
• Global Business
• Public Company & Financial Reporting
• Public Policy & Government/Regulatory Affairs
• Risk Management & Compliance
Mr. Fink is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of BlackRock. He is responsible for senior leadership 
development and succession planning, defining and reinforcing BlackRock’s vision and culture, and engaging 
with key strategic clients, industry leaders, regulators and policymakers. Under Mr. Fink’s leadership, the firm 
has grown into a global leader in investment management, risk management and advisory services for 
institutional and retail clients. Prior to founding BlackRock in 1988, Mr. Fink was a member of the Management 
Committee and a Managing Director of The First Boston Corporation. He serves as Co-Chair of the Board of 
Trustees of the World Economic Forum and Co-Chair of NYU Langone Medical Center. He also serves on the 
boards of the Museum of Modern Art and the Aspen Institute, and on the Advisory Board of the Tsinghua 
University School of Economics and Management in Beijing, as well as the Executive Committee of the 
Partnership for New York City.
QUALIFICATIONS
As one of the founding principals and Chief Executive Officer of BlackRock since 1988, Mr. Fink brings 
exceptional leadership skills and in-depth understanding of BlackRock’s business, operations and strategy. His 
extensive and specific knowledge of BlackRock and its business enables him to keep the Board apprised of the 
most significant developments impacting the Company and to guide the Board’s discussion and review of the 
Company’s strategy.
Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years)
• None
Item 1 Election of Directors 
14
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

=== PAGE 21 ===
 
Gregory J. Fleming
AGE
63
TENURE
< 1 Year
COMMITTEES
Risk
EXPERIENCE
• Senior Executive & Corporate Governance
• Financial Services
• Global Business
• Public Company & Financial Reporting
• Risk Management & Compliance
Mr. Fleming has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Rockefeller Capital Management since 
2018. Previously, Mr. Fleming was the President of Morgan Stanley Wealth Management and Morgan Stanley 
Investment Management. Before joining Morgan Stanley in 2010, he served as President and Chief Operating 
Officer of Merrill Lynch from 2007 to 2009 and previously ran Merrill Lynch’s Global Investment Banking 
business. Prior to joining Merrill Lynch, Mr. Fleming was a principal at Booz Allen Hamilton. Mr. Fleming is a 
member of the Trustee Advisory Board at Millennium Management, LLC. He is also a member of the Board of 
Advisors for the Yale Law School Center for the Study of Corporate Law, the Council on Foreign Relations, the 
Economic Club of New York and the Board of Trustees of Deerfield Academy. He also serves as a Resource 
Council member of the Turn 2 Foundation. Mr. Fleming previously served as a director on BlackRock’s Board 
from 2006 to 2009 as a designee of Merrill Lynch in connection with the merger of BlackRock and Merrill Lynch 
Investment Managers in 2006.
QUALIFICATIONS
Mr. Fleming brings significant expertise and knowledge in the financial services industry, including wealth 
management, asset management and investment banking, through decades of leadership experience at 
Rockefeller Capital Management, Morgan Stanley and Merrill Lynch. 
Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years)
• None
 
William E. Ford
AGE
64
TENURE
8 Years
COMMITTEES
MDCC (Chair)
NGC
Executive
EXPERIENCE
• Senior Executive & Corporate Governance
• Financial Services
• Global Business
• Public Company & Financial Reporting
• Risk Management & Compliance
Mr. Ford has served as the Chief Executive Officer of General Atlantic since 2007 and as the firm’s Chairman 
since 2021. Mr. Ford is involved with several educational and not-for-profit organizations. He is Chair of The 
Rockefeller University board, trustee of the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, as well as a trustee of the 
Simons Foundation board. 
QUALIFICATIONS
Mr. Ford brings to the Board extensive global investment management experience and financial expertise 
acquired over his three decades career at General Atlantic, a leading global investment firm with $126 billion of 
AUM as of December 2025. His professional background also provides the Board with expertise and insight into 
matters relating to compensation, corporate governance, financial reporting and strategy across a range of 
industries and geographies.
Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years)
• Royalty Pharma plc (2020 – 2022)
• IHS Markit Ltd. (2016 – 2022)
Item 1 Election of Directors
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
15
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

=== PAGE 22 ===
 
Fabrizio Freda
AGE
68
TENURE
13 Years
COMMITTEES
NGC
EXPERIENCE
• Senior Executive & Corporate Governance
• Branding & Marketing
• Global Business
• Public Policy & Government/ Regulatory Affairs
• Sustainability
• Technology
Mr. Freda has served as Special Advisor to the Chair of the Estée Lauder Companies Inc. (Estée Lauder), a global 
leader in beauty, since January 2025, and as Special Strategic Advisor to BRC Sarl, Luxembourg and Patrinvest 
SCA, Luxembourg since January 2026. He formerly served as President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of 
the board of directors of Estée Lauder from 2009 to December 2024. Mr. Freda also previously served as Estée 
Lauder’s President and Chief Operating Officer from March 2008 to July 2009. Prior to joining Estée Lauder, 
Mr. Freda held various senior positions at Procter & Gamble Company over the span of 20 years. From 1986 to 
1988, Mr. Freda directed marketing and strategic planning for Gucci SpA. Mr. Freda previously served on the Board 
of Advisors of the Baratta Center for Global Business Education at Georgetown University’s McDonough School of 
Business.
QUALIFICATIONS
Mr. Freda’s extensive experience in product strategy, innovation and global branding brings valuable insights to 
the Board. His chief executive experience at Estée Lauder, an established multinational manufacturer and 
marketer of prestige brands, provides the Board with unique perspectives on marketing, strategy and innovation 
initiatives.
Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years)
• The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. (2009 – 2025)
Murry S. Gerber
AGE
73
TENURE
26 Years
COMMITTEES
NGC
Executive
EXPERIENCE
• Senior Executive & Corporate Governance
• Financial Services
• Public Company & Financial Reporting
• Risk Management & Compliance
• Technology
Mr. Gerber served as the Chief Executive Officer of EQT Corporation (EQT), an integrated energy producer, from 
1998 to 2010 and later became Executive Chairman of the company from 2010 to 2011. Prior to joining EQT, Mr. 
Gerber was instrumental in creating and was the first CEO of Coral Energy (now Shell Trading), the largest natural 
gas trading company in the USA. Before that, Mr. Gerber held a number of management and geo-technical 
positions at Shell, including service as Treasurer of the company. He is a member of the board of trustees of the 
Pittsburgh Cultural Trust. Mr. Gerber serves as BlackRock’s Lead Independent Director.
QUALIFICATIONS
As a former leader of a large, publicly traded energy production company and as a current or former member of the 
board of directors of other large, publicly traded companies, Mr. Gerber brings to the Board extensive expertise and 
insight into corporate operations, management and governance matters. His extensive experience in the energy 
and industrial sectors continues to provide the Board with an important perspective on evolving global 
business trends.
Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years)
• Halliburton Company (2012 – present)
• U.S. Steel Corporation (2012 – 2025)
Item 1 Election of Directors 
16
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

=== PAGE 23 ===
 
Margaret “Peggy” L. Johnson
AGE
64
TENURE
8 Years
COMMITTEES
Audit
Risk
EXPERIENCE
• Senior Executive & Corporate Governance
• Global Business
• Public Company & Financial Reporting
• Technology
Ms. Johnson has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Agility Robotics, a leading manufacturer of mobile 
manipulation robots, since March 2024. Ms. Johnson previously served as the CEO of Magic Leap, Inc., an 
augmented reality company, from August 2020 to October 2023. Prior to this role, she was Executive Vice 
President of Business Development at Microsoft Corporation from September 2014 to July 2020 and was 
responsible for driving strategic business deals and partnerships across various industries. Ms. Johnson joined 
Microsoft from Qualcomm Incorporated, where she served in various leadership positions across engineering, 
sales, marketing and business development. 
QUALIFICATIONS
Ms. Johnson brings to the Board substantial experience in the technology sector, including emerging 
technologies; business and strategic development expertise acquired over her 31 years at Microsoft and 
Qualcomm; and insight into growth companies from her former role at Magic Leap and current role at 
Agility Robotics.
Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years)
• Fox Corporation (2023 – present)
 
Robert S. Kapito
AGE
69
TENURE
19 Years
COMMITTEES
None
EXPERIENCE
• Senior Executive & Corporate Governance
• Branding & Marketing
• Financial Services
• Global Business
• Risk Management & Compliance
Mr. Kapito has been President of BlackRock since 2007 and serves as Chair of BlackRock’s Global Executive 
Committee. He also serves as a member of the board of directors of iShares, Inc. Mr. Kapito co-founded BlackRock 
in 1988. He is responsible for the day-to-day oversight of BlackRock’s key operating units including Investment 
Strategies, Client Businesses, Technology & Operations and Risk & Quantitative Analysis. Prior to assuming his 
current responsibilities in 2007, Mr. Kapito served as Vice Chairman of BlackRock and Head of BlackRock’s 
Portfolio Management Group.
QUALIFICATIONS
As one of the founding principals, Mr. Kapito has served as an executive leader of BlackRock since 1988. He brings 
to the Board industry and business acumen in addition to in-depth knowledge about BlackRock’s businesses, 
investment strategies and risk management, as well as extensive experience overseeing day-to-day operations.
Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years)
• None
Item 1 Election of Directors
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
17
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

=== PAGE 24 ===
Gregg R. Lemkau
AGE
56
TENURE
<1 Year
COMMITTEES
None
EXPERIENCE
• Senior Executive & Corporate Governance
• Financial Services
• Global Business
• Risk Management & Compliance
• Technology
Mr. Lemkau has served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of BDT & MSD Partners (BDT & MSD), a merchant bank 
serving founders, family business owners, and strategic, long-term investors, since January 2023. He also serves 
as Chairman of DFO Management, the investment office of Dell Technologies founder Michael Dell and his family, 
a role he has held since January 2021. Mr. Lemkau previously served as CEO of MSD Partners, a predecessor firm 
of BDT & MSD, from January 2021 to January 2023. Prior to joining MSD Partners, Mr. Lemkau was Co-Head of the 
Investment Banking Division at Goldman Sachs and a member of the firm’s Management Committee. He serves as 
Chair of the Board of Trustees at Dartmouth College.
QUALIFICATIONS
Mr. Lemkau brings to the Board extensive experience in asset management and global finance, acquired through 
his leadership roles at BDT & MSD and nearly three decades at Goldman Sachs. His professional background 
advising clients on complex, high-value transactions and investment strategies provides the Board with valuable 
insight into matters relating to corporate finance and long-term strategic growth.
Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years)
• None
Cheryl D. Mills
AGE
61
TENURE
12 Years
COMMITTEES
MDCC
NGC
EXPERIENCE
• Senior Executive & Corporate Governance
• Branding & Marketing
• Public Policy & Government/Regulatory Affairs
• Sustainability
Ms. Mills is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of the BlackIvy Group, a private company that grows and 
builds businesses in Sub-Saharan Africa. Previously, she served as Counselor to the U.S. Department of State and 
Chief of Staff to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton from 2009 to 2013. Ms. Mills was with New York 
University from 2002 to 2009, where she served as Senior Vice President for Administration and Operations, 
General Counsel and Secretary of the Board of Trustees. She also served as Deputy Counsel to President Clinton 
and as the White House Associate Counsel. Ms. Mills previously served on the boards of Cendant Corporation (now 
Avis Budget Group, Inc.), a consumer real estate and travel conglomerate, and Orion Power, an independent 
electric power generating company.
QUALIFICATIONS
Ms. Mills brings to the Board a range of leadership experiences from private equity, government and academia. 
Through her prior service on the boards of corporations and non-profits, she provides expertise on issues 
concerning government relations, public policy, corporate administration and corporate governance.
Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years)
• iHeartMedia, Inc. (2020 – Present)
Item 1 Election of Directors 
18
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

=== PAGE 25 ===
 
Kathleen Murphy
AGE
63
TENURE
< 1 Year
COMMITTEES
Audit (Chair)
MDCC
Executive
EXPERIENCE
• Senior Executive & Corporate Governance
• Branding & Marketing
• Financial Services 
• Public Policy & Government/ Regulatory Affairs
Ms. Murphy served as President of Personal Investing at Fidelity Investments from 2009 to 2021. From 2022 until 
her retirement in July 2023, she served as the Senior Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer of Fidelity Investments. 
Ms. Murphy also held various roles with Voya Financial, Inc. (formerly ING) from 2000 to 2008, including CEO of 
ING U.S. Wealth Management Services, President of ING U.S. Institutional Businesses and General Counsel and 
Chief Administrative Officer to the CEO of ING U.S. Financial Services. Prior to that, Ms. Murphy served in various 
positions at Aetna, Inc., including General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer of Aetna Financial Services, and 
in various positions in law, government and public affairs. Ms. Murphy is Vice-Chairman of the National Football 
Foundation Board of Directors, Chairman of the Board of the St. John XXIII Foundation, and a member of the 
Markle Foundation Board. She previously served on the Board of Directors of Snyk, a private cybersecurity 
technology company.
QUALIFICATIONS
Ms. Murphy brings to the Board extensive leadership experience in financial services and wealth management 
acquired from her time at Fidelity Investments and Voya Financial. Her professional background also provides the 
Board with insight into matters related to strategic growth, corporate governance and operations. 
Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years)
• Prudential Financial, Inc. (2023 – 2025) 
 
Amin H. Nasser
AGE
67
TENURE
2 Years
COMMITTEES
NGC
EXPERIENCE
• Senior Executive & Corporate Governance
• Global Business
• Public Company & Financial Reporting
• Sustainability
• Technology
Mr. Nasser has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Saudi Arabian Oil Company, known as 
Aramco, since 2015, and as a member of the Board of Directors since 2010. He joined the company in 1982 as a 
petroleum engineer. As President and CEO, Mr. Nasser leads Aramco’s efforts to produce cleaner energy and 
products. Mr. Nasser is a member of the HUMAIN Board of Directors, the International Advisory Board of the King 
Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals, the Board of Trustees of the King Abdullah University of Science & 
Technology, the World Economic Forum’s International Business Council, and the Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology Presidential CEO Advisory Board.
QUALIFICATIONS
As a leader of a large publicly traded energy company in the strategically significant Middle East region, Mr. Nasser 
brings to the Board extensive expertise and insight into corporate operations, risk management and the energy 
transition, as well as an experienced outlook on international business strategy.
Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years)
• Aramco (2015 – present)
Item 1 Election of Directors
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
19
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

=== PAGE 26 ===
Gordon M. Nixon, C.M., O.Ont.
AGE
69
TENURE
10 Years
COMMITTEES
MDCC
NGC (Chair)
Executive
EXPERIENCE
• Senior Executive & Corporate Governance
• Financial Services
• Global Business
• Public Policy & Government/Regulatory Affairs
• Risk Management & Compliance
• Sustainability
Mr. Nixon served as President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Royal Bank of 
Canada (RBC) from 2001 to 2014. He first joined RBC Dominion Securities Inc. in 1979, where he held a number of 
operating positions and from December 1999 to April 2001 was CEO of RBC Capital Markets (the successor 
company to RBC Dominion Securities Inc.). Mr. Nixon has served on the board of directors of BCE Inc. since 2014 
and as Chairman of the board since 2016, but he will not be standing for reelection in 2026. Mr. Nixon is Chairman 
of the board of Fiserv, Inc., Lead Director of George Weston Limited and a member of the advisory board of 
KingSett Capital.
QUALIFICATIONS
With 13 years of experience leading a global financial institution and one of Canada’s largest public companies, 
Mr. Nixon brings extensive expertise and perspective to the Board on global markets and an in-depth knowledge of 
the North American market. His experience growing a diversified, global financial services organization in a highly 
regulated environment also provides the Board with valuable insight into risk management, compensation, 
government and regulatory relations and corporate governance matters.
Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years)
• BCE Inc. (2014 – May 2026) (Chairman from 2016 – May 2026)
• Fiserv, Inc. (2026 — present) (Chairman from 2026 — present) 
 
Adebayo Ogunlesi
AGE
72
TENURE
1 Year
COMMITTEES
None
EXPERIENCE
• Senior Executive & Corporate Governance
• Financial Services
• Global Business
• Public Company & Financial Reporting
Mr. Ogunlesi is a Founding Partner and the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Global Infrastructure Partners 
(GIP). He is a Senior Managing Director and a member of BlackRock’s Global Executive Committee. Prior to the 
formation of GIP in 2006, Mr. Ogunlesi spent 23 years at Credit Suisse where he held several senior positions, 
including Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Client Officer of its Investment Banking Division. From 2002 to 2004, 
he was Head of the Global Investment Banking Division and a Member of the Executive Board and Management 
Committee. Mr. Ogunlesi is also a member of the Boards of Terminal Investment Limited and OpenAI Inc. 
QUALIFICATIONS
As a leader with global experience in capital markets and infrastructure investments, Mr. Ogunlesi provides the 
Board with valuable insight in supporting the firm’s future growth. Mr. Ogunlesi also brings to the Board a wealth 
of knowledge regarding international operations and corporate governance matters from his extensive corporate 
board experience.
Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years)
• Kosmos Energy Ltd. (2004 – present)
• Callaway Golf Company (2010 – present)
• Goldman Sachs Group (2012 – 2024)
Item 1 Election of Directors 
20
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
• George Weston Limited (2014 – present) (Lead Director from 2021 – present)

=== PAGE 27 ===
 
Kristin C. Peck
AGE
54
TENURE
4 Years
COMMITTEES
MDCC
NGC
EXPERIENCE
• Senior Executive & Corporate Governance
• Branding & Marketing
• Global Business
• Public Company & Financial Reporting
• Public Policy & Government/Regulatory Affairs
Ms. Peck has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Zoetis Inc., a leading animal health company, since 2020. 
Prior to becoming CEO, Ms. Peck was Executive Vice President and Group President, U.S. Operations, Business 
Development and Strategy from 2018 to 2020. Before joining Zoetis, Ms. Peck served as Executive Vice President, 
Worldwide Business Development and Innovation at Pfizer Inc. and as a member of Pfizer's Executive Leadership 
Team. Earlier in her career, Ms. Peck held roles at Boston Consulting Group, as well as in private equity and real 
estate finance at The Prudential Realty Group, The O’Connor Group and J.P. Morgan. She serves on the boards of 
Mayo Clinic and Business Roundtable. 
QUALIFICATIONS
Ms. Peck brings extensive experience and perspective on driving innovation and strategy from her role as CEO of 
Zoetis and senior leadership experience gained from her time at Pfizer. Her experience using technology and 
science to foster innovation provides a unique perspective for the Board on how the Company can continue to 
evolve to meet clients’ future needs.
Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years)
• Zoetis Inc. (2019 – present)
 
Charles H. Robbins
AGE
60
TENURE
8 Years
COMMITTEES
Risk
EXPERIENCE
• Senior Executive & Corporate Governance
• Global Business
• Public Company & Financial Reporting
• Public Policy & Government/Regulatory Affairs
• Risk Management & Compliance
• Technology
Mr. Robbins serves as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Cisco Systems, Inc. (Cisco). Prior to assuming 
the CEO role in July 2015, he was Senior Vice President of Cisco’s Worldwide Field Operations and led its 
Worldwide Sales and Partner Organization, where he helped drive and execute many of Cisco’s investment areas 
and strategy shifts. He is Chair of the Business Roundtable, Chairman Emeritus of the U.S.-Japan Business Council 
and a member of the International Business Council for the World Economic Forum. 
QUALIFICATIONS
Mr. Robbins brings to the Board extensive experience in the fields of technology, global sales and operations 
acquired over nearly three decades at Cisco, one of the world’s leading information technology companies, as well 
as expertise in cybersecurity-related risks, public company governance and regulatory and government matters.
Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years)
• Cisco Systems, Inc. (2015 – present) (Chairman from 2017 – present)
Item 1 Election of Directors
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
21
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

=== PAGE 28 ===
 
Hans E. Vestberg
AGE
60
TENURE
4 Years
COMMITTEES
Audit
Risk
EXPERIENCE
• Senior Executive & Corporate Governance
• Branding & Marketing
• Global Business
• Public Company & Financial Reporting
• Sustainability
• Technology
Mr. Vestberg has served as Special Advisor to Verizon Communications Inc. (Verizon) since October 2025. He 
formerly served as the Chief Executive Officer of Verizon from 2018 to October 2025 and as Chairman from 2019 
to October 2025. Prior to these roles, Mr. Vestberg served as Verizon’s Chief Technology Officer and President of 
Global Networks from 2017 to 2018. Before joining Verizon in 2017, Mr. Vestberg served for six years as President 
and CEO of Ericsson, a multinational networking and telecommunications equipment and services company 
headquartered in Sweden. He has lived and worked in China, Chile, Brazil and Mexico, in addition to the U.S. 
and Sweden.
QUALIFICATIONS
As the former leader of Verizon and Ericsson, Mr. Vestberg brings executive experience from these large 
multinational companies, as well as substantial expertise in the field of technology acquired through his 
experience as Verizon’s Chief Technology Officer and over his 25-year career at Ericsson.
Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years)
• Verizon Communications Inc. (2018 – present) (Chairman from 2019 – 2025)
Susan L. Wagner
AGE
64
TENURE
13 Years
COMMITTEES
Audit
Risk (Chair)
Executive
EXPERIENCE
• Senior Executive & Corporate Governance
• Financial Services
• Global Business
• Public Company & Financial Reporting
• Risk Management & Compliance
• Technology
Ms. Wagner retired as Vice Chairman of BlackRock after serving in that role from 2006 to 2012. Ms. Wagner also 
served as a member of BlackRock’s Global Executive Committee and Global Operating Committee. Ms. Wagner 
previously served as BlackRock’s Chief Operating Officer and as Head of Corporate Strategy. Ms. Wagner currently 
serves as a director of Color Health, a privately held health technology company. She previously served as a 
member of the board of trustees of Wellesley College.
QUALIFICATIONS
As one of the founding principals of BlackRock, Ms. Wagner has over 25 years of experience across various 
positions. Accordingly, she is able to provide the Board with valuable insight and perspective on risk management, 
operations and strategy, as well as a broad and deep understanding of the asset management industry.
Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years)
• Apple Inc. (2014 – present)
• Samsara Inc. (2020 – present)
• Swiss Re Ltd. (2014 – 2023)
Item 1 Election of Directors 
22
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

=== PAGE 29 ===
Mark Wilson
AGE
59
TENURE
8 Years
COMMITTEES
Audit
MDCC
Risk
EXPERIENCE
• Senior Executive & Corporate Governance
• Financial Services
• Global Business
• Risk Management & Compliance
• Sustainability
• Technology
Mr. Wilson has served as the Chief Executive Officer of RIQ, a global reinsurance platform based in the Abu Dhabi 
Global Market (ADGM), since May 2025. Previously, Mr. Wilson served as the CEO of Aviva plc (Aviva), a 
multinational insurance company headquartered in the U.K., from January 2013 to October 2018. Prior to joining 
Aviva, Mr. Wilson worked in Asia for 14 years, including as President and CEO of AIA Group Limited, a leading 
pan-Asian company.
QUALIFICATIONS
As the CEO of RIQ and former leader of Aviva and AIA, Mr. Wilson brings to the Board extensive experience in the 
Middle East, Europe and Asia. His operational and executive expertise in the insurance and pensions industry and 
in international finance provides the Board with an experienced outlook on international business strategy, 
development and risk management.
Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years)
• None
Item 1 Election of Directors
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
23
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

=== PAGE 30 ===
Corporate Governance
BlackRock’s corporate governance framework is a set of principles, 
guidelines and practices that supports consistent financial 
performance, mitigates risk and promotes long-term value creation for 
our shareholders.
Our commitment to corporate governance is integral to our business 
and reflects not only regulatory requirements, NYSE listing standards 
and broadly recognized governance practices, but also effective 
leadership and oversight by our senior management team and Board.
We regularly meet with our shareholders to solicit feedback on our 
corporate governance framework. We strive to incorporate this 
feedback through enhanced policies, processes and disclosure.
 
A strong corporate governance 
framework is critical for 
executing on our strategy, 
fulfilling our fiduciary 
responsibilities to clients, and 
serving employee and 
shareholder interests over the 
long term.”
Laurence D. Fink
Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer
Our Corporate Governance Framework
Our Board is committed to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance at BlackRock. Our Board is 
guided by our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which provide a framework for the governance of the Company and 
the responsibilities of our Board. The Corporate Governance Guidelines address director qualifications, director 
orientation and continuing education, director access to management and independent advisors, and Board 
responsibilities, as well as the annual self-evaluation process of the Board and its standing Committees.
Because corporate governance practices evolve over time, our Board reviews our Corporate Governance Guidelines, 
Committee charters and other governance policies at least once a year and approves or updates them as necessary and 
appropriate. Members of the NGC are briefed on significant trends and developments in corporate governance and 
regulatory matters, including through briefings from members of the Investment Stewardship and Corporate Affairs 
teams (including the Government Affairs & Public Policy group), as well as on feedback from shareholders. Additionally, 
both the Board and management recognize that creating long-term value for the Company’s shareholders requires 
consideration of the concerns of our clients, employees and the communities in which BlackRock operates, as covered 
in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
The full versions of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Committee Charters, Code of Business Conduct and 
Ethics and other corporate governance policies are available on our website at https://ir.blackrock.com under 
the headings “Governance / Governance Overview.”
Our Board and Culture 
BlackRock’s Culture is Vital to Our Success 
BlackRock’s culture is a key differentiator and helps to drive our results and long-term growth. Our culture embraces 
our fiduciary commitment to serve clients and stay ahead of their needs and unifies the firm. Our approach to instilling, 
reinforcing and enhancing our culture is deliberate and intentional. 
BlackRock’s culture is underpinned by five core principles that we refer to as the BlackRock Principles: 
We are a fiduciary 
to our clients 
We are One 
BlackRock 
We are passionate 
about performance
We take emotional 
ownership 
We are committed 
to a better future 
We rely on the BlackRock Principles to guide how we interact with each other, our clients and the communities in which 
we operate. The BlackRock Principles represent our core values, our aspirations and our cultural language. To learn 
more, please visit our website www.blackrock.com.
24
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 31 ===
Our Board is deeply engaged in understanding the culture at BlackRock 
We believe our Board should have a strong understanding of BlackRock’s culture because it is the foundation for our 
Company’s strategic plans. We also believe that our Board should be deeply engaged, provide informed and honest 
guidance and feedback, and maintain an open dialogue with management based on a clear understanding of our 
strategic plans. 
Oversight of 
Growth Strategy
Our Board plays an integral oversight role in our growth and success. At each Board 
meeting, we review components of our long-term strategy with our directors and engage in 
constructive dialogue, which our leadership team embraces. These discussions are not 
without disagreement – and those honest conversations push us to make the difficult 
decisions required to build a better BlackRock. This continued to be invaluable as 
BlackRock invested to expand and enhance its private markets investment and data 
capabilities through the acquisitions of GIP, Preqin and HPS.
Role in Talent 
Development
Building a generation of future leaders is vital to BlackRock’s long-term success. Being a 
dynamic, inclusive organization allows BlackRock to attract and retain top talent around 
the world and to stay ahead of its clients’ needs. Our Board plays a critical part in our talent 
development and dedicates one meeting per year to reviewing BlackRock’s culture, talent 
development, retention and recruiting initiatives, human capital management strategy, 
leadership and succession planning, and employee feedback. As part of its review, the 
Board evaluates whether we have the right people in the right places to execute our 
long-term strategy and provides oversight of management to ensure that we are 
developing people to fill key roles in the future. To facilitate its review, the Board may also 
be provided with the results of employee opinion surveys and efforts and developments 
related to the Company’s human capital management strategy.
For more information on our Board’s role in talent development, please refer to 
“BlackRock’s Impact on its People” on page 37.
Employee 
Engagement 
& Additional 
Resources
Our directors have full and free access to BlackRock management and employees at any 
time to address questions, comments or concerns. Our directors may arrange these 
meetings independently and without the presence of senior management. Additionally, the 
Board and its Committees have the power to hire independent legal, financial or other 
advisors without approval from, or consultation with, BlackRock management.
A Global 
Perspective
Periodically, Board and standing Committee meetings are held outside of New York, 
including at least one set of meetings held outside of the United States. These off-site 
meetings provide our directors with an opportunity to meet with employees and 
management based outside of our New York corporate headquarters, and to engage with 
local clients, strategic partners and government officials. At these meetings, the Board 
reviews regional strategies and is exposed to BlackRock’s corporate culture, including how 
employees globally demonstrate BlackRock’s principles and purpose. In 2025, the Board 
traveled to  the Middle East region and met with members of BlackRock’s local offices in 
Kuwait and Abu Dhabi, as well as clients, partners and government officials.
Board Oversight 
of Culture
As noted above, the Board reviews aspects of the Company’s culture and talent 
development annually, including retention and recruiting initiatives, human capital 
management strategy, leadership and succession planning, and employee feedback. The 
Board has also received updates from management on how the firm is adapting and 
innovating in a dynamic operating environment and integrating recent acquisitions, and 
how employees are engaging and partnering with each other to support our strategy.
For information on how BlackRock supports its employees, see “BlackRock’s Impact on its 
People” on page 37.
Corporate Governance
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
25

=== PAGE 32 ===
Beyond the Boardroom
Director Engagement
Our directors have participated in panels and speaking events hosted by our employees. 
• In March 2026, Kathleen Murphy participated in a fireside chat as part of Women’s History Month hosted by our 
Women’s Initiative & Allies Network, a network open to all employees.
• In April 2025 and October 2025, Fabrizio Freda participated in a fireside chat with our London-based Marketing 
team and the Aladdin Marketing team, respectively.
• In February 2025, Cheryl Mills participated in a panel discussion as part of U.S. Black History Month hosted by 
our Black Professionals & Allies Network, a network open to all employees.
Fourteen of the directors who were serving on the Board and nominated for re-election in 2025 attended the 2025 
Annual Meeting of Shareholders. In addition to our CEO and Chairman, the Chair of the MDCC participated in the 
Q&A session at our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
 
 
 
 
 
Director Orientation
BlackRock provides each new director with an orientation program conducted over the course of the first few 
months of their tenure. The orientation program includes the opportunity to rotate through each of the Board’s 
standing Committees and attend presentations by senior management to familiarize new directors with 
BlackRock’s:
• Financial position and strategic plans;
• Significant financial, accounting and risk 
management policies;
• Compliance programs, Code of Business Conduct 
and Ethics and other key policies; and 
• Internal and independent auditors.
 
 
Director Education
All directors are encouraged to attend continuing educational programs offered by BlackRock or sponsored by 
universities, stock exchanges or other organizations related to fulfilling their duties as Board or Committee 
members and are reimbursed for any reasonable expenses in connection with such programs. For example, 
directors have received briefings from management and other subject matter experts on developments in AI, digital 
assets and tokenization, as well as from external consultants on private markets incentive compensation, including 
carried interest. Additionally, directors are periodically provided with a curated list of optional educational 
opportunities and events covering issues and trends that are relevant to their service on BlackRock’s Board.
Every week our directors receive summaries and copies of press coverage, analyst reports and current events 
relating to our business.
 
 
 
 
 
Individual Discussions and Mentoring Management
Outside of regularly scheduled Board and Committee meetings, our directors may have discussions with each other 
and our CEO at their discretion and are encouraged to have small group or individual meetings, as necessary.
All directors are encouraged to meet with management outside of Board and Committee meetings, and several 
directors have established informal mentoring relationships with key members of senior management.
Corporate Governance 
26
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 33 ===
Our Board Leadership Structure
Why Our Board Leadership Structure is Right for BlackRock
Mr. Fink serves as both BlackRock’s CEO and Chairman of the Board, which the Board has determined is the most appropriate 
and effective leadership structure for the Board and the Company at this time. Mr. Fink has served in this capacity since 
founding BlackRock in 1988 and, as such, brings over 30 years of strategic leadership experience and an unparalleled 
knowledge of BlackRock’s business, operations and risks to his role as Chairman of the Board. 
Our Board and NGC review and evaluate the Board’s leadership structure on at least an annual basis. The Board does not have 
a policy on whether the roles of the Chairman and CEO should be separated but believes the current combination of the two 
roles provides BlackRock with a clear and effective leadership structure to communicate the Company’s business and 
long-term strategy to its clients and shareholders. 
Under our Lead Independent Director Guidelines, when the positions of CEO and Chairman of the Board are combined or the 
Chairman is not independent, the independent directors will appoint a Lead Independent Director. The Lead Independent 
Director is then re-appointed annually by BlackRock’s independent directors and will serve until a successor is duly appointed 
and qualified, his or her removal or resignation, or he or she is no longer an independent member of the Board. We expect the 
Lead Independent Director to serve for more than one year.
The Board believes that this structure helps maintain effective oversight of management and the Company’s strategy, risk 
management and operations by the independent directors. Designating a Lead Independent Director facilitates robust and 
frequent communication between the Board’s independent directors and management, enabling the Board to gain a deeper 
understanding of management’s strategy for delivering shareholder value. The role and responsibilities of the Lead 
Independent Director, which are enumerated in our Lead Independent Director Guidelines (which is reviewed annually by the 
NGC), also help to ensure the exercise of independent judgment by the Board and greater coordination among the 
independent directors.
 
 
Murry S. Gerber
OUR LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR (SERVING SINCE 2017)
The independent directors of the Board have asked Murry S. Gerber, if re-elected by shareholders at the 
Annual Meeting, to remain Lead Independent Director. The Board continues to value Mr. Gerber’s 
leadership, particularly in light of the integration of acquisitions such as GIP and HPS.
The Role of the Lead Independent Director
Our Lead Independent Director has significant authority and responsibilities to provide for an effective and independent 
Board. In this role, Mr. Gerber:
•
Develops and approves the agenda for Board meetings, 
in consultation with the Chairman and Committee Chairs.
•
Leads executive sessions and facilitates discussion of the 
Company’s strategy and key governance issues (including 
succession planning) at each executive session.
•
Serves as liaison between independent directors and 
the Chairman.
•
Focuses on Board effectiveness, performance and 
composition with input from the NGC.
•
Oversees and reports on annual Board and 
Committee self-evaluations, in consultation with 
the NGC.
•
Serves as the primary Board contact for 
shareholder engagement.
Mr. Gerber has substantial experience with corporate governance and public company management, as well as deep 
knowledge of the Company and its governance practices. He also has extensive knowledge and expertise in the energy and 
industrial sectors spanning a 40-year career where he was the Chairman and CEO of integrated energy producer EQT 
Corporation. Prior to EQT, Mr. Gerber helped create Coral Energy (now Shell Trading North America) and was the Treasurer 
of Shell Oil. The Board believes Mr. Gerber’s expertise and history of service as an independent director enable him to 
provide a valuable perspective on BlackRock’s expansion of its private markets business and enhance his ability to 
challenge members of senior management. Mr. Gerber has been unanimously selected to serve as Lead Independent 
Director by all of the other independent directors of the Board every year since his initial appointment in 2017. 
The Board, as reflected in responses to Board and Committee self-evaluations, have commended Mr. Gerber’s strength as 
Lead Independent Director, highlighting his leadership, ability to engage with each director to ensure voices are heard, 
and the effectiveness with which he acts as a liaison between the Board and the Chairman. 
Corporate Governance
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
27

=== PAGE 34 ===
Executive Sessions
Executive sessions of non-management directors are held at every regularly scheduled Board meeting, and six 
executive sessions were held in 2025. Each session is chaired by the Lead Independent Director, who facilitates 
discussion of various topics throughout the year, including the Company’s strategy, key governance issues (including 
succession planning) and the performance of senior executives. 
The full versions of our Lead Independent Director Guidelines and other corporate governance policies are 
available on our website at https://ir.blackrock.com under the headings “Governance / Governance Overview.”
Board Self-Evaluation Process
The effectiveness of the Board and its Committees is critical to BlackRock’s success and to the protection of our 
shareholders’ long-term interests. To maintain their effectiveness, the Board and each standing Committee annually 
conduct comprehensive self-evaluations to identify and assess areas for improvement. 
The process includes the following steps: 
Questionnaires
Tailored questionnaires for the Board and each standing Committee 
are reviewed and updated by the NGC Chair, in consultation with the 
Lead Independent Director and the other Committee Chairs, prior to 
distribution to each of the independent directors.
Topics include:
• Board and Committee roles, effectiveness and agendas;
• Board and Committee culture, composition and size; and
• Corporate strategy and risk oversight.
NGC Review
The NGC Chair, Lead Independent 
Director and Chairman review 
each director’s responses to 
the questionnaires.
The results of the Committee 
evaluations are also shared with 
the Chairs of the Audit Committee, 
MDCC and Risk Committee.
 
 
Board Summary and Feedback
Annually in the fall or winter, the NGC Chair 
along with the Chairman and Lead 
Independent Director provide the Board with a 
summary of responses to the questionnaires 
and additional feedback received from 
individual directors.
 
Individual Director Interviews
The Chairman and/or the Lead Independent Director 
meets with each independent director individually.
This enables directors to have frank conversations and 
address Board, Committee and individual director 
performance and effectiveness directly.
As part of their annual evaluations, 
our directors have identified several 
areas of strength, including:
• Board leadership, including the Chairman’s 
responsiveness and engagement; 
• Board composition, including the diversity of 
experience and geography represented; and
• Oversight of human capital strategy.
Changes and enhancements as a result of 
director feedback have included, for example:
• Additional reviews and discussions regarding strategy, 
capital management and recently integrated acquisitions.
Corporate Governance 
28
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 35 ===
Board Refreshment
The NGC is responsible for identifying and evaluating potential director candidates, reviewing Board and Committee 
composition and making recommendations to the full Board.
1.
Director 
Recruitment
• In conjunction with its recurring review of Board and Committee composition and in 
order to maintain a Board with an appropriate mix of experience and qualifications, 
the NGC engages in an ongoing process to identify and evaluate, as appropriate, 
potential new director candidates with the help of management and an 
outside consultant.
• Particular emphasis in the search process is also placed on identifying multiple 
candidates currently serving in various leadership positions. 
 
2.
Board and 
Committee 
Self-Evaluations
• Annual Board and Committee evaluations help identify director skills that would 
enhance Board effectiveness, and areas for improvement.
• The NGC actively engages in Board succession planning to anticipate the future 
needs of the Board and its standing Committees.
 
3.
Director Tenure, 
Retirement Age 
Policy
• To ensure the Board has an appropriate balance of experience, continuity and 
fresh perspective, the Board considers length of tenure when reviewing nominees.
• The average tenure of BlackRock’s director nominees is approximately nine years, 
while the average tenure of independent director nominees is approximately 
eight years.
• The Board has established a retirement age limit of 75 years for directors. Our 
age-based retirement policy helps the Board to anticipate future turnover.
 
4.
Board Committee 
Rotation
• The NGC considers the periodic rotation of Committee members and Committee 
Chairs to introduce fresh perspectives and broaden and diversify the views 
and experience represented on the Board’s standing Committees.
 
5.
Director 
Onboarding
• All new directors participate in an extensive onboarding program, enabling new 
directors to quickly enhance their strategic value to our Board. See page 26 for 
additional information regarding director onboarding.
Corporate Governance
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
29

=== PAGE 36 ===
Board Committees
Each Committee is governed by a Board-approved charter. 
Board Committee Meetings and Members
The Board has five Committees: the Audit Committee, the MDCC, the NGC, the Risk Committee and the Executive 
Committee. Below is a summary of our Committee structure and membership as of the date of this Proxy Statement. 
Member
Audit
MDCC
NGC
Risk
Executive
INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
Pamela Daley
Gregory J. Fleming
William E. Ford
Fabrizio Freda
Murry S. Gerber
(Lead Independent Director)
Margaret “Peggy” L. Johnson
Gregg R. Lemkau
Cheryl D. Mills
Kathleen Murphy
Amin H. Nasser
Gordon M. Nixon
Kristin C. Peck
Charles H. Robbins
Hans E. Vestberg
Susan L. Wagner
Mark Wilson
 
NON-INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
Laurence D. Fink
Robert S. Kapito
Adebayo Ogunlesi
Number of Meetings Held in 2025
15
9
6
7
0
  Chairperson
The full Board met seven times during 2025. Each of our directors attended at least 75% of the aggregate of: (i) the 
total number of meetings of the Board held during the period for which such director was a member of the Board and 
(ii) the total number of meetings held by all Committees of the Board on which such director served during 2025, 
except for Ms. Daley due to personal medical reasons. From 2014 into 2025, Ms. Daley had near perfect (99%) 
attendance at the meetings of the Board and each of the committees on which she served. Directors are encouraged to, 
and do, attend the annual meetings of BlackRock shareholders. Fourteen of the directors who were serving on the 
Board and nominated for re-election in 2025 attended the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
Corporate Governance 
30
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 37 ===
Board Committee Refreshment
The NGC considers the periodic rotation of Committee members and Committee Chairs to introduce fresh perspectives 
and diversify the views and experience represented on the Committees.
• Audit Committee and Executive Committee: The Board appointed Ms. Murphy to serve as a member of the Audit 
Committee, effective July 23, 2025, and as Chair of the Audit Committee, effective September 9, 2025. Ms. Murphy 
brings expertise in strategy and finance from having served in leadership roles across the financial services sector. In 
connection with her appointment as Chair of the Audit Committee, Ms. Murphy was appointed to serve as a member 
of the Executive Committee, effective September 9, 2025.
• MDCC: The Board appointed Ms. Peck and Ms. Murphy to serve as members of the MDCC, effective July 23, 2025 
and January 28, 2026, respectively. Ms. Peck brings expertise in executive compensation, human capital 
management and strategy from her role as CEO of a publicly traded company. Ms. Murphy brings management 
experience and perspective on the financial services sector from her prior leadership roles, as well as familiarity with 
the Company’s financials as Chair of the Audit Committee. 
• Risk Committee: The Board appointed Mr. Fleming to serve as a member of the Risk Committee, effective September 
10, 2025. Mr. Fleming brings valuable perspective on risk management from his leadership experience in wealth 
management and familiarity with our business from his prior service as a director of BlackRock.
• In addition, Mr. Lemkau, as a recent addition to the Board, is rotating through each Committee. If elected at the 2026 
Annual Meeting, he will be appointed to serve on one or more Committees in 2026, following a review of existing 
Committee composition.
Outlined below are descriptions of each Committee’s membership, roles and responsibilities as of the date of this 
Proxy Statement. 
Audit Committee
CHAIR
MEMBERS
Kathleen Murphy
Pamela Daley
Margaret “Peggy” L. Johnson
Hans E. Vestberg
Susan L. Wagner
Mark Wilson
Role and Responsibilities 
The Audit Committee’s primary responsibilities include oversight of the integrity of BlackRock’s financial statements and 
public filings, the independent registered public accounting firm’s qualifications, performance and independence, the 
performance of BlackRock’s Internal Audit function and BlackRock’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.
The Audit Committee receives reports on:
•
The performance of the Internal Audit function, including its performance relative to the Internal Audit risk-based 
annual plan, as approved by the Audit Committee;
•
External audit findings, as provided by BlackRock’s independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte;
•
Financial controls regarding compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as provided by the Head of Finance 
Controls and presented by management;
•
The Company’s risk management program, as provided by BlackRock’s Chief Risk Officer;
•
Financial updates, as provided by the Chief Financial Officer;
•
Cybersecurity updates, as provided by the Chief Information Security Officer;
•
Compliance updates, as provided by the Global Head of Compliance and the Global Head of Financial Crime; and
•
Litigation, regulatory and material ethics matters, as provided by BlackRock’s Chief Legal Officer.
Additionally, as part of the Audit Committee’s responsibility for oversight of the Company’s major financial risk exposures, 
the Audit Committee reviews and discusses with management the Company’s approach to assessing and managing risk in 
coordination with the Risk Committee. 
The Audit Committee is also responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the work of the 
independent registered public accounting firm retained to audit BlackRock’s financial statements. The Audit Committee 
approves all audit engagement fees and terms associated with the retention of Deloitte. In addition to ensuring the regular 
rotation of the lead audit partner, as required by law, the Audit Committee reviews and evaluates the lead audit partner and 
determines whether there should be periodic rotation of the independent registered public accounting firm. 
The Audit Committee regularly holds separate sessions with BlackRock’s management, BlackRock’s Internal Audit function 
and Deloitte. 
The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee is “independent” as defined in the NYSE listing 
standards and applicable SEC rules, is “financially literate,” and has accounting and related financial management 
expertise within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards. All members of the Audit Committee, with the exception of 
Ms. Johnson, qualify as “audit committee financial experts” under applicable SEC rules.
Corporate Governance
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
31

=== PAGE 38 ===
Management Development & Compensation Committee
CHAIR
MEMBERS
William E. Ford
Pamela Daley 
Cheryl D. Mills
Kathleen Murphy
Gordon M. Nixon
Kristin C. Peck
Mark Wilson
Role and Responsibilities 
•
Reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to CEO compensation, evaluating the CEO’s 
performance in light of those goals and objectives and determining and approving the CEO’s overall compensation 
levels based on this evaluation;
•
Establishing the compensation framework of BlackRock’s executive officers;
•
Periodically reviewing and approving non-employee director compensation;
•
Reviewing, approving, recommending to the Board, or delegating to management the oversight of, BlackRock’s 
benefits plans;
•
Considering and discussing the results of the advisory “say-on-pay” vote;
•
Periodically reviewing the Company’s engagement with shareholders on executive compensation matters;
•
Providing oversight of BlackRock’s executive compensation program, reviewing periodic reports on our program and 
determining whether our program remains effective to attract, motivate and retain senior officers capable of making 
significant contributions to BlackRock’s long-term success;
•
Reviewing, assessing and making periodic reports and recommendations to the Board, as appropriate, on BlackRock’s 
strategies relating to human capital management, including but not limited to talent development and succession 
planning, corporate culture and employee recruitment, retention and engagement efforts, and pay fairness;
•
Administering, reviewing and, as appropriate, amending the Company’s “clawback” policies (including as may be 
required by applicable law) for recovering incentive-based compensation; and
•
Appointing, compensating and overseeing the work of any compensation consultant, legal counsel or other advisor 
retained by the MDCC.
The Board has determined that each member of the MDCC is “independent” as defined in the NYSE listing standards and 
applicable SEC rules and qualifies as a “non-employee director” under applicable SEC rules. 
Additional information on the MDCC’s processes and procedures for consideration of NEO compensation is addressed in 
the “Management Development & Compensation Committee Report” on page 53 and “Compensation Discussion and 
Analysis” beginning on page 54.
Nominating & Governance Committee
CHAIR
MEMBERS
Gordon M. Nixon
William E. Ford
Fabrizio Freda
Murry S. Gerber
Cheryl D. Mills
Amin H. Nasser 
Kristin C. Peck
Role and Responsibilities 
•
Recommending to the Board criteria for the selection of new directors to serve on the Board;
•
Identifying individuals qualified to become members of the Board;
•
Recommending to the Board the director nominees for the next annual meeting of shareholders or candidates to fill 
vacancies or newly created directorships that may occur between annual meetings;
•
Recommending to the Board members for each Committee;
•
Leading the Board in its annual review of the Board’s performance;
•
Evaluating and recommending to the Board corporate governance policies, practices and guidelines applicable to 
the Company;
•
Overseeing BlackRock’s Related Persons Transaction Policy;
•
Reviewing the Company’s engagement with shareholders on governance and sustainability matters and considering 
shareholder proposals and proposed responses;
•
Periodically reviewing corporate governance trends, best practices and regulations applicable to the corporate 
governance of the Company;
•
Periodically reviewing the Company’s investment stewardship-related policies and significant publications;
•
Periodically reviewing the Company’s corporate goals and programs relating to sustainability matters; and
•
Periodically reviewing the Company’s philanthropic programs and related strategy, as well as the Company’s public 
policy and advocacy activities, including public policy priorities, political contributions and memberships in 
trade associations.
The Board has determined that each member of the NGC is “independent” as defined in the NYSE listing standards and 
applicable SEC rules.
Corporate Governance 
32
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 39 ===
Risk Committee
CHAIR
MEMBERS
Susan L. Wagner
Pamela Daley 
Gregory J. Fleming
Margaret “Peggy” L. Johnson
Charles H. Robbins
Hans E. Vestberg
Mark Wilson
Role and Responsibilities 
The Risk Committee assists the Board with its oversight of the Company’s levels of risk, risk assessment, risk management 
and related policies and processes.
The Risk Committee receives reports on:
•
Management’s assessment of current and historical levels of inherent and residual risks across the Company;
•
The Company’s cybersecurity program and technology resilience risk management, as provided by the Chief 
Information Security Officer;
•
Key risks and their mitigation across each of the Company’s main investment, product, technology, operations and 
client platforms;
•
Risks associated with regulatory trends and public policy developments; and
•
Any other areas of risk delegated to the Risk Committee by the Board.
The Committee regularly reviews a risk profile report prepared by the Chief Risk Officer, which covers a wide range of topics 
and potential issues that could impact BlackRock. 
The Risk Committee also reviewed and discussed with management the Risk Factors included in the 2025 Form 10-K, and 
received reports from members of management responsible for identifying and monitoring these risks. 
Although not required, the Board has determined that each member of the Risk Committee is “independent” as defined in 
the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules.
Executive Committee
CHAIR
MEMBERS
Laurence D. Fink
William E. Ford
Murry S. Gerber
Kathleen Murphy
Gordon M. Nixon
Susan L. Wagner
Role and Responsibilities 
The Executive Committee has all the powers of the Board, except as prohibited by applicable law and BlackRock’s 
Amended and Restated Bylaws (“Bylaws”), and except to the extent another Committee has been accorded authority over 
the matter. The Executive Committee may meet to exercise such powers between meetings of the Board. 
Board and Committee Oversight of Strategy 
The Board actively engages with senior management by providing guidance on the formation and implementation of 
strategic initiatives. On an annual basis, our CEO previews the Board’s proposed agenda with the NGC, focusing on 
business reviews and the strategic topics for the coming year, and receives its feedback and input. Based on this 
agenda, members of senior management and business leads will brief directors on the strategic opportunities, 
priorities and implementation of strategy for their respective lines of business. These presentations serve as the basis 
for an active, ongoing dialogue between the Board and senior management about strategic risks and opportunities 
facing BlackRock and its lines of business. In 2025, topics included updates from our Global Product Solutions group, 
Corporate Strategy and integration of the GIP, HPS and Preqin acquisitions, as well as developments in our 
infrastructure platform.
Corporate Governance
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
33

=== PAGE 40 ===
Board and Committee Oversight of Risk Management 
 
Full Board
The Board has ultimate responsibility for oversight of BlackRock’s risk management activities. The Audit 
Committee, MDCC, NGC and Risk Committee assist the Board in fulfilling this important role.
The Board’s standing Committees report to the full Board at least six times a year with updates on their areas of 
designated risk oversight responsibilities. These Committees work together and with the full Board to help ensure 
that the Committees and the Board have received all information necessary to permit them to fulfill their duties 
and responsibilities with respect to oversight of risk management activities.
 
Audit Committee
Responsible for overseeing the integrity of BlackRock’s 
financial statements and other financial disclosures, 
the effectiveness of the internal control environment, 
the internal audit function, the external auditors and 
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.
MDCC
Responsible for overseeing risks associated with 
BlackRock’s executive compensation practices 
and human capital management, as well as the 
management of executive succession in collaboration 
with the full Board.
NGC
Responsible for overseeing risks related to Board and 
Committee succession and other corporate 
governance policies and practices. 
Risk Committee
Responsible for assessing and overseeing BlackRock’s 
level of risk, risk management and related policies and 
processes, including cybersecurity risks and other 
areas of risk determined by the Board.
Management
Chaired by Mr. Kapito and consisting of BlackRock’s enterprise leaders across the firm, the GEC informs and 
operationalizes the firm’s strategy. Members of the GEC and other senior management regularly report to the 
Board regarding the risks and opportunities facing BlackRock, including on the areas identified below under 
“Key Strategy & Risk Management Oversight Areas.”
Key Strategy & Risk Management Oversight Areas
• Investment Performance 
and Markets
• Corporate, Business and 
Regional Strategy
• Technology and Cybersecurity
• Operations and 
Business Continuity
• Corporate Affairs, 
Regulation, Compliance and 
Legal Developments
• Investment Stewardship
• Sustainable Investing and 
Corporate Sustainability
• Human Capital and 
Talent Development 
Corporate Governance 
34
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 41 ===
Board and Committee Oversight 
of Cybersecurity 
BlackRock recognizes the importance of identifying, assessing, 
and managing material risks associated with cybersecurity 
threats. Cybersecurity represents an important component of the 
Company’s approach to enterprise risk management (“ERM”).
Our Board is actively engaged in the oversight of BlackRock’s risk 
management program. The Risk Committee assists the Board with 
its oversight of the Company’s levels of risk, risk assessment, risk 
management and related policies and processes, including risks 
arising from cybersecurity threats.
The Risk Committee receives regular reports on the Company’s 
cybersecurity program, technology resilience risk management 
and related developments from members of the Company’s 
information security team, including the Chief Information 
Security Officer (“CISO”). The Board and the Risk Committee also 
receive information regarding cybersecurity incidents that meet 
certain reporting thresholds. On an annual basis, senior members 
of BlackRock’s technology, risk and information security teams 
provide a comprehensive overview of BlackRock’s cyber risk and 
related programs to a joint session of the Board’s Risk and Audit 
Committees. For details on management’s oversight of 
technology and cybersecurity risks, see BlackRock’s 2025 
Form 10-K.
Program Highlights:
• BlackRock leverages a multi-layered 
defense model in which cybersecurity 
operational processes are executed by 
global information security and other 
firmwide teams, supported by 
dedicated internal audit technology 
and technology risk management 
teams that independently review 
technology risks.
• The cybersecurity program is fully 
integrated into BlackRock’s ERM 
framework and is aligned with 
recognized frameworks, such as the 
NIST Cybersecurity Framework, Cyber 
Risk Institute Profile, ISO/IEC 
27001/27002, and other leading 
frameworks.
• BlackRock aims to inform and 
continuously improve its 
cybersecurity program through 
engagement with government and 
industry organizations and associations 
and its clients, insurers, vendors and 
peers, as well as external audit, 
technology risk, information security 
and other assessments.
Several of our director nominees have experience managing and mitigating cyber and technology risks at 
regulated entities, which provides the Board with insight and aids in overseeing the firm’s technology and 
operations, as well as our continuing investment in and development of the cybersecurity risk 
management program. 
During 2025, the Risk Committee received updates from the CISO at each of its regularly scheduled meetings, as 
well as at its joint session with the Audit Committee. Topics discussed at these meetings included cyber incident 
preparedness and measures implemented by the firm, such as response, governance and communication 
protocols; the results of annual assessments and “tabletop” exercises; and developments and controls related to 
generative AI.
Corporate Governance
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
35

=== PAGE 42 ===
Sustainability at BlackRock
BlackRock’s governance of sustainability-related matters reflects our commitment to strong leadership and oversight 
of such matters at the senior management and Board levels. Several of our director nominees have experience in 
sustainability matters, including through management of these issues in senior leadership roles in relation to 
long-term strategy or knowledge and experience in the energy sector. BlackRock’s Board engages with the Company’s 
senior leaders on near- and long-term business strategy and reviews management’s performance in delivering 
long-term value creation on behalf of clients. Helping our clients meet their sustainability-related investment 
objectives and preferences is a critical component of the firm’s overall business strategy. 
We recognize the importance of providing transparency about sustainability at BlackRock. The below illustrates how we 
have incorporated sustainability considerations into our business practices and operations. 
Operating a 
Sustainable 
Company
• In operating its own business, BlackRock pursues 
a sustainability strategy that is focused on 
reducing greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions 
associated with its facilities, data centers, and 
upstream value chain and addressing emissions 
it cannot yet reduce through market solutions, 
such as renewable energy, Sustainable Aviation 
Fuel (“SAF”) and carbon credits.
• In 2025, BlackRock made progress in its 
operational sustainability strategy by employing 
energy efficiency strategies, achieving its 100% 
renewable electricity match goal,(1) and 
expanding  its SAF, carbon credit, and supplier 
sustainability programs.
• BlackRock is committed to providing 
meaningful information regarding 
sustainability-related matters. As part of this 
commitment, BlackRock’s voluntary reporting 
framework included its reports aligned with the 
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) framework and the SASB 
standards, as well as its GHG Emissions Report 
for its corporate operational emissions. In 
2025, BlackRock also provided sustainability-
related reporting in line with mandatory 
reporting requirements in various jurisdictions 
across the globe for relevant in-scope entities.
Sustainable 
Investing
• As a fiduciary, BlackRock invests on our clients’ 
behalf to help them meet their investment 
objectives. Our focus is on understanding and 
managing investment risk, anticipating our 
clients’ needs, and supporting them in achieving 
their long-term investment goals. 
• BlackRock’s investment approach is informed by 
three principles: client choice, performance 
and research.
• To enable choice and meet client demand, 
BlackRock offers a wide range of sustainable 
and transition investment strategies(2) to 
clients. As of December 31, 2025, we managed 
$1.3 trillion in our sustainable investing 
platform (9% of total AUM), across 500+ 
sustainable and transition investment 
strategies, spanning the whole portfolio. 
Voting 
Choice
• In 2022, BlackRock launched BlackRock Voting 
Choice (“Voting Choice”), providing eligible 
clients with more opportunities to participate in 
the proxy voting process, where legally and 
operationally viable. Since then, we have 
expanded the eligible client assets that can 
participate in Voting Choice. As of December 31, 
2025, approximately $3.76 trillion of our clients’ 
index equity assets(3) were eligible for 
Voting Choice. We have also expanded the range 
of voting policies from which clients can choose, 
including policies that focus on sustainability and 
climate risk, among others. 
• BlackRock also introduced a climate 
decarbonization stewardship program in 
July 2024 for clients focused on 
decarbonization investment objectives. The 
program applies only to certain funds that have 
climate and decarbonization objectives and 
that have been explicitly approved for inclusion 
in the program by the respective governing 
body of the fund, or at the explicit direction of 
clients in separately managed accounts. As of 
December 31, 2025, the program applies to 
funds and accounts representing 
approximately $194 billion in AUM.
Making a 
Positive 
Social 
Impact
• In 2025, The BlackRock Foundation deployed $1.4 million to nonprofit organizations supporting relief 
and recovery efforts in the wake of natural disasters. Grants included $500,000 to the Community 
Foundation of the Texas Hill Country to support Texas flood relief efforts, and a $500,000 grant to the 
California Fire Foundation to assist with Los Angeles wildfire rescue and relief. 
(1)
BlackRock achieved its 100% renewable electricity match goal to match the same amount of renewable electricity as the 
electricity that BlackRock’s global operations (including facilities, data centers, and upstream leased assets) consume annually. 
For more information, please see BlackRock’s 2025 Climate Report aligned with the TCFD framework.
(2)
As of December 31, 2025. This includes certain transition-focused strategies that also meet our Sustainable Investing Platform 
criteria (Screened, Uplift, Thematic, and Impact strategies using environmental, social and/or governance data as a portfolio 
construction input and a subset also seek to achieve long-term sustainability outcomes in line with each specific 
investment objective).
(3)
AUM as of December 31, 2025. Index assets include index assets held in multi-asset fund of fund strategies. 
Corporate Governance 
36
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 43 ===
BLACKROCK’S COMMITMENT TO TRANSPARENCY 
BlackRock is committed to providing transparency on sustainability-related matters related to the operations of its own 
business. Recent publications include:
 
2025 Climate Report - aligned with the TCFD framework (published in 2026)
The 2025 report is BlackRock’s sixth voluntary TCFD-aligned report. This comprehensive report 
represents BlackRock’s commitment to providing meaningful information on BlackRock’s 
approach to managing climate-related risks and opportunities across its business. 
 
2024 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Report (published in 2025)
BlackRock reports its corporate GHG emissions for Scope 1, 2 and certain categories of Scope 3. 
BlackRock's 2024 GHG Emissions Report provides information for the year-ended 
December 31, 2024, unless otherwise noted. An updated report for 2025 is expected to be 
published in Q3 2026. 
 
2024 Sustainability Disclosure (published in 2025)
BlackRock periodically publishes a Sustainability Disclosure, aligned with the SASB’s standard 
for Asset Management & Custody Activities. The report provides information for the year-ended 
December 31, 2024. An updated report for 2025 is expected to be published in Q3 2026. 
BlackRock’s Impact on its People
With approximately 24,900 employees in more than 30 countries as of December 31, 2025, BlackRock provides a broad 
range of investment management and technology services to institutional and retail clients in more than 100 countries 
across the globe. As an asset manager, our long-term success depends on our people and how we manage 
our workforce. 
CULTURE AND PRINCIPLES 
BlackRock believes that maintaining a strong corporate culture is an important component of its human capital 
management practices and is critical to the firm’s long-term success. Our culture is underpinned by the BlackRock 
Principles — five core principles which unify our workforce and guide how we interact with each other, our clients and 
the communities in which we operate: 
We are a fiduciary 
to our clients
We are One 
BlackRock 
We are passionate 
about performance
We take emotional 
ownership 
We are committed 
to a better future
Read more about the BlackRock Principles on our website at www.blackrock.com.
Corporate Governance
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
37

=== PAGE 44 ===
Connectivity and Inclusion 
BlackRock’s approach to building a connected and inclusive culture is aligned with our business priorities and 
long-term objectives. Delivering for our clients requires attracting the best people from across the world. BlackRock is 
committed to creating an environment that supports top talent and fosters diverse perspectives to avoid groupthink. 
Creating a connected and inclusive culture where people with new ideas and fresh perspectives can thrive is core to our 
1BLK principle. These values have been fundamental to BlackRock since its founding 38 years ago. 
Over the past two years, the firm welcomed thousands of new colleagues through acquisitions. These employees play a 
crucial role in driving our success going forward, and a connected and inclusive culture is imperative to enabling that 
objective. 
Since 2020, BlackRock has published annual SASB-aligned disclosure and EEO-1 reports, which provide information 
about the firm’s workforce, including workforce composition. Of the Company’s approximately 24,900 employees as of 
December 31, 2025, 40% were based in the Americas, 31% in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and 29% in 
Asia Pacific. 
Employee Engagement
We value continuous dialogue with our employees to better understand their experiences at the firm and assess the 
efficacy of our human capital management practices. We have several employee engagement mechanisms including:
• Global employee opinion surveys;
• Interactive events and communications;
• The sponsorship of employee networks, which are open to all employees; and
• Local community involvement.
The employee opinion surveys, which we conduct throughout the year, provide us with actionable feedback for our 
teams and for BlackRock as a whole. Additionally, we use ongoing lifecycle surveys to collect feedback at various points 
along the employee journey. We work to keep our employees informed and engaged through a regular cadence of 
communications and events, including newsletters, global and local townhalls and messages from leaders with timely 
business and organizational updates and culture-building opportunities. 
BlackRock believes that employees value opportunities to give back to their communities. Through local, employee-led 
BlackRock Gives committees, the Company supports nonprofit organizations nominated by employees in the 
communities where it operates. In addition, the Company has a matching gifts program that matches an employee’s 
donations to eligible charitable organizations for up to $10,000 a year. BlackRock also matches volunteer time with 
eligible charities and full-time employees may take up to two paid volunteer days.
Recruiting, Training and Development
We recognize that, like all companies, we are operating in an 
increasingly competitive environment. As such, the Company engages 
in efforts to reach top talent.
BlackRock’s culture of learning is designed to help employees grow and 
thrive at each stage of their career. One example is the BlackRock 
Academies, our online, on-demand suite of interactive resources and 
courses, which enable employees to build skills in specific facets of our 
business and purpose. We believe these opportunities play an important 
role in engaging our employees.
In the spirit of attracting talent from 
broad backgrounds, BlackRock also 
provides formal recruiting 
programs for Veterans (former 
service members transitioning to 
civilian careers) and Returners 
(individuals who have taken a 
career break of 18 months or more).
We also believe that a critical driver of the firm’s future success is our ability to grow strong leaders and people 
managers. We invest in leadership development programs designed to foster career growth. People managers have 
access to coaching and the Managing at BlackRock program to assist in building valuable skills.
Corporate Governance 
38
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 45 ===
Compensation, Wellness and Benefits
Our compensation and benefits practices are designed to: attract, motivate and retain talented employees; align 
employee incentives and risk-taking with those of the firm and the interests of our clients; and support employees 
and their families across many aspects of their lives. We have a strong pay-for-performance culture and an annual 
compensation process that takes into consideration firmwide results, individual business results and employee 
performance, as well as market benchmarks. 
We offer a wide range of benefits that are regularly reviewed in accordance with market practices and the local 
requirements of our offices, including, where applicable, retirement savings plans, a flexible time off policy and flexible 
working arrangements, parental leave and family forming benefits, such as fertility benefits, adoption and surrogacy 
assistance, and backup elder and childcare benefits. Comprehensive healthcare and mental-health benefits are also 
offered to eligible employees, including medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings and spending accounts, 
counseling services, an employee assistance program and access to telemedicine services, where available. We also 
offer a Mental Health Ambassador program that is comprised of global volunteers across office locations who are 
trained in empathetic listening skills and can direct interested colleagues to benefits, tools and resources to support 
mental health.
BlackRock also maintains an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”). The ESPP provides participating 
employees in the U.S., U.K., Australia, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Canada with the opportunity to share in the 
ownership of the Company by purchasing BlackRock stock at a discounted price. 
We prioritize protecting the rights of our workforce. We have implemented policies related to harassment prevention 
and compliance with applicable equal employment opportunity and overtime regulations and are committed to 
providing a safe and healthy work environment. To do this, we design global programs, including environmental and 
occupational health and safety programs, to meet or exceed local requirements. Moreover, we encourage all employees 
to raise issues of concern and assure employees that they may do so without fear of retaliation. 
Board Oversight of Human Capital Management 
Our Board plays an important role in the oversight of human capital management and devotes one Board meeting 
annually to an in-depth review of BlackRock’s culture, talent development, retention and recruiting initiatives, human 
capital management strategy, leadership and succession planning, and employee feedback. 
Moreover, the MDCC periodically reviews the efforts and developments related to the firm’s human capital 
management strategy. For a discussion on how these efforts and developments are considered in the performance 
assessments of BlackRock’s NEOs, see “2025 NEO Compensation and Performance Summaries” beginning on page 76. 
Corporate Governance
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
39

=== PAGE 46 ===
Corporate Governance Practices and Policies 
Management Succession Planning 
Succession planning for our CEO and other senior executives is a key part of our Board’s annual review of human 
capital management. As part of this review, the Board focuses on whether BlackRock has the right people in place to 
execute our long-term strategic plans, and on our ability to identify, attract, develop, promote and retain future senior 
executives. An important element of the succession planning across the organization is a commitment to building 
leadership from within BlackRock. 
During these reviews, the Board discusses: 
• Potential successors to the CEO in the event of an emergency or the CEO’s retirement; 
• CEO recommendations and evaluations of potential successors for BlackRock’s top executives, along with a 
review of any development plans for these individuals; and 
• Our approach to developing future senior leaders.
Global Insider Trading Policy
BlackRock has an insider trading policy governing the purchase, sale, and other dispositions of our securities by our 
directors, officers and employees, and repurchases by BlackRock, that we believe is reasonably designed to promote 
compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and any listing standards applicable to us. 
BlackRock Public Policy Engagement and Political Participation Policies 
BlackRock believes that responsible corporate citizenship requires active engagement in legislative and regulatory 
processes. As part of our responsibilities to our shareholders and clients, BlackRock advocates for public policies that 
we believe are in our shareholders’ and clients’ long-term best interests. We support the creation of regulatory regimes 
that increase financial market transparency, protect investors and facilitate responsible growth of capital markets, 
while preserving consumer choice and properly balancing benefits versus implementation costs. BlackRock comments 
on public policy topics through, among other things, our published ViewPoints, which examine public policy issues and 
assess their implications for investors, and through comment letters and consultation responses that we submit to 
policymakers. We believe in the value of open dialogue and transparency on these important issues. Our position 
papers and letters are available on the “Insights – Public Policy” section of our website. 
GOVERNANCE OF PUBLIC POLICY ENGAGEMENT
BlackRock’s Global Corporate Affairs team includes Corporate Communications, Government Affairs & Public Policy 
(“GAPP”), Corporate Sustainability, and Social Impact. As stewards of BlackRock’s brand and reputation, Global 
Corporate Affairs aims to tell the firm’s story in a way that resonates globally and locally, to build relationships of trust, 
and to enable positive outcomes for our business and clients. 
BlackRock’s engagements with policymakers and advocacy on public policy issues are coordinated by the GAPP team. 
Since the GAPP team was created in 2009, it has established BlackRock as a respected advocate for investors and the 
millions of retirees we serve. Members of GAPP work closely with business and legal teams to identify legislative and 
regulatory priorities, both regionally and globally, that protect investors, increase shareholder value and facilitate 
responsible economic growth. 
Our Board and the NGC are briefed by the Global Head of Corporate Affairs and his team on a periodic basis to keep our 
directors apprised of our advocacy initiatives and priorities. Members of GAPP and executive leadership regularly meet 
with and exchange views on legislation and regulatory priorities with public officials and policymakers, regionally and 
globally, and provide such individuals with educational materials to help inform their decisions. 
Corporate Governance 
40
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 47 ===
TRADE ASSOCIATIONS 
As part of BlackRock’s engagement in the public policy process, BlackRock participates in a number of trade 
associations that advocate for and shape public policy positions that are important to the asset management industry 
and the global business community. Trade associations also provide educational, training and professional networking 
benefits for their members. BlackRock participates in these associations for such opportunities and to help build 
consensus on issues that we believe will serve investors, increase shareholder value and facilitate responsible 
economic growth. We do not control these organizations, and our membership and participation in these organizations 
are not an endorsement of all their activities and positions. Accordingly, there may be instances where specific 
positions diverge from those of BlackRock. 
BlackRock discloses the principal trade associations to which we belong, as well as those trade associations to which 
we paid in excess of $25,000 in 2025 for membership fees and/or dues, on our Public Policy Engagement and Political 
Participation Policies webpage. 
BlackRock periodically reviews our memberships in these trade associations, and the positions they support, to 
evaluate whether there is alignment with our views on public policy matters we consider material to our efforts to 
serve our investors and clients. Where we identify a significant inconsistency on a material strategic policy issue, 
we will discuss and review our options with respect to such organization, including the benefits and challenges 
associated with our continued membership. Actions that we may take to address material misalignment include 
engagement with the trade association, clarifying BlackRock’s position through public statements or 
consideration of the termination of our membership in the trade association.
POLITICAL PARTICIPATION 
Our ability to engage policymakers and participate in the public policy arena is subject to extensive laws and 
regulations at the international, federal, state and local levels. Under U.S. federal law, BlackRock may not contribute 
corporate funds or make in-kind contributions to candidates for federal office or to national party committees. In 
addition to federal limits on corporate political action, our political contributions at the state and local level in the U.S. 
are governed by Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board Rule G-37, Rule 206(4)-5 of the Investment Advisers Act of 
1940 and CFTC Rule 23.451, as well as applicable state and local law. Accordingly, BlackRock does not contribute 
corporate funds to candidates, political party committees, PACs or any political organization exempt from federal 
income taxes under Section 527 of the Internal Revenue Code. Although permitted under federal and state laws, 
BlackRock has voluntarily elected not to spend corporate funds directly on independent expenditures for any 
particular candidate. Information about BlackRock’s federal lobbying activities, including contributions 
required to be disclosed under the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995, as amended, is publicly available at 
https://lda.senate.gov/system/public/. 
BlackRock maintains a federal PAC that is funded in accordance with applicable federal law on a voluntary basis by 
employees of the Company who are U.S. citizens or green card holders. The PAC makes contributions at the federal 
level on a bipartisan basis consistent with the Company’s contribution policies and public policy goals and without 
regard to the private political preferences of management. As required by law, all political contributions by the PAC are 
reported to the Federal Election Commission and are publicly disclosed at www.fec.gov. BlackRock PAC’s contributions 
for 2025 are disclosed on our Public Policy Engagement and Political Participation Policies webpage. 
BlackRock PAC is governed by a board chaired by the Global Head of Corporate Affairs, which provides oversight over 
the PAC’s activities, including fundraising, disbursements, reporting and employee engagement. 
BlackRock maintains compliance processes designed to ensure that its activities are conducted in accordance with our 
Public Policy Engagement and Political Participation Policies and all relevant laws governing political contributions in 
the U.S. All employees are required to annually review and acknowledge their compliance responsibilities regarding 
political contributions and must submit all of their proposed personal political contributions to our Legal and 
Compliance Department to determine if such contributions are consistent with applicable legal restrictions. 
Corporate Governance
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
41

=== PAGE 48 ===
Shareholder Engagement and Outreach 
OUR SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT PROCESS 
We conduct shareholder outreach throughout the year to engage with shareholders on issues that are important to 
them. We report back to our Board on this engagement as well as specific issues to be addressed. 
Engagement
BlackRock's management, including 
Investor Relations and the Corporate 
Secretary, engage on a regular basis 
with shareholders to solicit feedback 
on a variety of corporate governance 
matters, including, but not limited to, 
executive compensation, corporate 
governance policies and corporate 
sustainability practices. Our 
directors have also engaged directly 
with shareholders.
Communication
BlackRock routinely interacts 
and communicates with 
shareholders through a number 
of other forums, including 
quarterly earnings 
presentations, SEC filings, the 
Annual Report and Proxy 
Statement, the annual 
shareholder meeting, investor 
meetings, and conferences and 
web communications.
Feedback
BlackRock’s management 
shares shareholder 
feedback and trends and 
developments about 
corporate governance, 
executive compensation 
and corporate sustainability 
matters with our Board, 
MDCC and NGC as 
BlackRock seeks to enhance 
our practices and improve 
our disclosures.
 
Also see “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” beginning on page 54 for a discussion of our compensation-related 
shareholder engagement initiatives and our 2025 say-on-pay vote result.
Communications with the Board 
Shareholders and other interested parties may contact any member (or all members) of the Board, any Committee or 
any Chair of any such Committee by mail or electronically, as follows: 
 
Mail:
BlackRock, Inc.
Attn: Board of Directors
c/o Corporate Secretary
50 Hudson Yards
New York, New York 10001
 
Online:
Go to the BlackRock website at https://ir.blackrock.com. Under the 
headings “Governance / Governance Overview / Contact Our Board of 
Directors,” you will find a link that may be used for writing an electronic 
message to the Board, the Lead Independent Director, any individual 
director or any group or committee of directors.
BlackRock’s Corporate Communications, Investor Relations or Legal and Compliance Departments will review 
communications received to determine whether the contents represent a message or matter for our directors’ review. 
Requests for a meeting with any member of the Board will also be reviewed accordingly and, if appropriate, arranged by 
Investor Relations and the Corporate Secretary. Concerns relating to accounting, internal controls or auditing matters 
are handled in accordance with established procedures.
Shareholders are encouraged to visit the “Governance / Governance Overview” page of the BlackRock website at 
https://ir.blackrock.com for the Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Code of 
Ethics for Chief Executive and Senior Financial Officers and additional information about BlackRock’s Board and its 
Committees and other corporate governance policies. 
The charters for each of the Audit Committee, the MDCC, the NGC, the Risk Committee and the Executive Committee 
can be found at the same website address. In addition, BlackRock intends to satisfy any disclosure requirements 
regarding any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the Code of Ethics for Chief Executive and Senior Financial 
Officers by posting such information on its corporate website. 
BlackRock will provide a copy of these documents without charge to each shareholder upon written request. 
Requests for copies should be addressed to the Corporate Secretary, BlackRock, Inc., 50 Hudson Yards, New York, 
New York 10001. 
Corporate Governance 
42
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 49 ===
2025 Director Compensation 
Independent directors receive compensation, including retainers and equity awards, for their service and dedication to 
our Company. The goal of our director compensation program is to pay directors fairly for work required for a company 
of our size and scope as a global investment management firm, and to help attract, motivate and retain directors 
capable of making significant contributions to the long-term success of our Company. In order to further align the 
interests of our directors with the interests of our shareholders, our independent directors are required to own a 
minimum target number of shares, as described below.
The MDCC is responsible for reviewing director compensation periodically and making recommendations to the Board. 
The MDCC also reviews the director compensation practices of peer corporations. For more information on these peer 
groups, please refer to “Role of the Compensation Consultant” on page 74. 
How Our Director Compensation Program Aligns with Long-Term 
Shareholder Interests 
FOCUS ON EQUITY COMPENSATION
The largest portion of independent director 
compensation is the Annual Equity Grant, which 
is payable in deferred stock units.
STOCK OWNERSHIP REQUIREMENT
All independent directors are required to own 
shares valued at a minimum of $500,000 (i.e., 
five times the annual board retainer) within five 
years of joining the Board. All directors have met 
or are on track to meet this requirement.
2025 Elements of Director Compensation
For services provided in 2025, each independent director received an Annual Retainer paid quarterly in arrears at an 
annualized rate of $100,000 (prorated for directors joining mid-year), and our Lead Independent Director received an 
additional Annual Retainer of $100,000. In addition, independent directors serving on Committees received Committee 
Annual Retainers paid quarterly in arrears at the annualized rates specified in the table on page 44. Each independent 
director had the right to elect to receive all or a portion of his or her Annual Retainer and Committee Annual Retainers 
in the form of BlackRock common stock with equivalent fair market value. 
In January 2025, each then-serving independent director received an Annual Equity award, awarded in deferred stock 
units valued at $250,000. The award vested upon a director’s election or re-election, as applicable, at the 2025 Annual 
Meeting of Shareholders and will be settled in shares of BlackRock common stock. The settlement of the Annual Equity 
awards will generally occur on the earlier of (i) the third anniversary of the date of grant and (ii) the date the director 
ceases to be a member of the Board, subject to the director’s deferral election, as described on the following page. 
Corporate Governance
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
43

=== PAGE 50 ===
For independent directors joining the Board after the January grant date of Annual Equity awards but on or before 
November 30th of the same year, the director will receive, as of the date of his or her appointment to the Board, an 
initial equity award of deferred stock units (which will be prorated in the case of directors joining after the date of the 
annual meeting for such year but on or before November 30th of such year). The initial equity awards for new directors 
vest upon re-election on the date of the next annual meeting following the date of the director’s appointment.
The following table shows the elements of director compensation provided by BlackRock for services in 2025.
Director Compensation Element
Payment or Value of Equity
 
Board Service(1)
Board Service Annual Payments
Stock Ownership Requirement
$500,000 within five years of joining the Board
Annual Retainer(2)
$100,000
Annual Equity Grant(3)
$250,000 in the form of 
deferred stock units
Lead Independent Director
$100,000
Committee Service
Committee Annual Retainers(1)(2)(4)
Chair
Member
Audit Committee
$40,000
$25,000
MDCC
$30,000
$15,000
NGC
$30,000
$15,000
Risk Committee
$30,000
$15,000
(1)
Board and Committee Service Retainers and Annual Equity Grants. Directors may elect to receive their annual Board and 
Committee service retainers in the form of BlackRock common stock, cash, or a combination of cash and stock. With respect to the 
portion, if any, elected to be paid in stock, the director may elect, no later than December of the prior calendar year, to (i) receive 
such shares quarterly, (ii) defer delivery until after the director ceases to be a member of the Board, or (iii) defer delivery to five 
equal annual installments after the director ceases to be a member of the Board. Similarly, with respect to the director’s Annual 
Equity Grant, the director may elect, no later than December of the prior calendar year, to have vested shares delivered on the 
scheduled settlement date (i.e., three years from the grant date, or, if earlier, the date the director ceases to be a member of the 
Board), defer delivery until after the director ceases to be a member of the Board, or defer delivery to five equal annual installments 
after the director ceases to be a member of the Board. 
(2)
Timing of Annual Retainer Payments. Annual Board and Committee service retainers are paid in January, April, July and October, 
based on service during the prior quarter (subject to the director’s deferral elections as described in footnote (1) above). New 
Board members rotating through the standing Committees receive one general Committee retainer.
(3)
Annual Equity Awards. Directors (other than Mr. Fleming and Ms. Murphy) were granted an Annual Equity award in January 2025, 
which vested following their election (or re-election) to the Board at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders on May 15, 2025. Mr. 
Fleming and Ms. Murphy were granted initial equity awards on May 15, 2025 in connection with their election to the Board, which 
will vest on the date of the Annual Meeting if they are re-elected as directors.
(4)
Office and Administrative Support. From time to time, the Company also makes available, as an accommodation to all of its 
directors upon request, basic office space at its existing locations and administrative support, as needed. 
Corporate Governance 
44
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
Annual Equity Grant:
$250,000
Annual Retainer:
$100,000
Cash
Stock

=== PAGE 51 ===
Directors in 2025 who were also employees and executive officers of BlackRock are not listed in the table below 
because they did not receive compensation for serving as directors or Committee members. In 2025, the directors 
listed below each received the amounts set forth below and were also reimbursed for reasonable business travel and 
related expenses. 
2025 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION TABLE 
Name
Fees Earned
or Paid in Cash
($)(1)
Stock Awards
($)(2)
Total
($)
Pamela Daley
 
162,733  
248,930  
411,663 
William E. Ford
 
145,224  
248,930  
394,154 
Gregory J. Fleming(3)
 
82,500  
251,656  
334,156 
Fabrizio Freda
 
114,653  
248,930  
363,583 
Murry S. Gerber
 
215,000  
248,930  
463,930 
Margaret “Peggy” L. Johnson
 
139,921  
248,930  
388,851 
Cheryl D. Mills
 
130,000  
248,930  
378,930 
Kathleen Murphy(3)
 
94,430  
251,656  
346,086 
Amin H. Nasser
 
114,653  
248,930  
363,583 
Gordon M. Nixon
 
145,224  
248,930  
394,154 
Adebayo Ogunlesi(4)
 
—  
—  
4,038,215 
Kristin C. Peck
 
122,528  
248,930  
371,458 
Charles H. Robbins
 
114,653  
248,930  
363,583 
Marco Antonio Slim Domit
 
69,771  
248,930  
318,701 
Hans E. Vestberg
 
139,942  
248,930  
388,872 
Susan L. Wagner
 
155,000  
248,930  
403,930 
Mark Wilson
 
155,000  
248,930  
403,930 
(1)
Includes fees (i.e., Annual Retainers and Committee Annual Retainers, as described above) paid in cash or shares of BlackRock 
common stock at the election of each director. The portion of fees paid as shares of BlackRock common stock was granted 
quarterly on March 28, June 28, September 30 and December 31, 2025, and is valued based on the closing market prices on each 
grant date: $946.48 (March 28), $1,049.25 (June 28), $1,165.87 (September 30) and $1,070.34 (December 31). The 
following directors elected to receive all or a portion of their fees in common stock in lieu of cash: Ms. Daley – $162,733; Mr. Ford – 
$145,224; Mr. Freda – $114,653; Ms. Johnson – $139,921; Ms. Murphy - $94,430; Mr. Nasser – $114,653; Mr. Nixon – $145,223; 
Ms. Peck – $122,528; Mr. Robbins – $114,653; Mr. Slim – $34,771; and Mr. Vestberg – $139,942. 
(2)
Amounts shown in the Stock Awards column represent the grant-date fair values of Annual Equity awards granted to each non-
employee director, consisting of 250 deferred stock units, except that Mr. Fleming and Ms. Murphy each received an initial equity 
grant of 256 deferred stock units. Grant-date fair values are computed in accordance with ASC 718 based on the closing price of 
BlackRock common stock on the grant date. The number of RSUs granted was determined by dividing the intended grant value by 
the average of the high and low trading prices on the grant date; accordingly, the per-share amount used to determine the number 
of RSUs may differ from the value shown in the table. For a description of the valuation assumptions used for these awards, see 
Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements in our 2025 Form 10-K. As of December 31, 2025, each non-employee director 
held the following outstanding deferred stock units: Ms. Daley – 4,612; Mr. Ford - 4,420; Mr. Fleming - 256; Mr. Freda - 873; Mr. 
Gerber - 2,866; Ms. Johnson - 2,070; Ms. Mills - 2,841; Ms. Murphy - 256; Mr. Nasser - 844; Mr. Nixon - 4,479; Ms. Peck - 1,780; 
Mr. Robbins - 1,486; Mr. Slim - 0; Mr. Vestberg - 1,855; Ms. Wagner - 873; Mr. Wilson - 3,073.
(3)
Mr. Fleming and Ms. Murphy each received an initial equity grant of 256 deferred stock units. Grant-date fair values in the Stock 
Awards column are computed in accordance with ASC 718 based on the closing price of BlackRock common stock on the grant 
date. For a description of the valuation assumptions used for these awards, see Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements 
in our 2025 Form 10-K. 
(4)
Mr. Ogunlesi is an employee (but not an executive officer) of BlackRock. The amount shown in the table for Mr. Ogunlesi includes 
annual compensation paid to him for his services as an employee of BlackRock in the following amounts: a base salary of 
$250,000, a discretionary annual bonus for 2025 of $3,769,203, and $19,012 in company-paid premiums under an enhanced 
medical reimbursement plan. He is also eligible to make co-investments in certain GIP funds. Mr. Ogunlesi does not receive any 
additional compensation for serving as a director. The terms of Mr. Ogunlesi’s employment are set forth in an offer letter with 
BlackRock, pursuant to which he serves as Senior Managing Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of GIP, reporting to 
Mr. Fink, and as a member of BlackRock’s GEC, and is eligible to receive a base salary at an annualized rate of $250,000 and an 
annual discretionary bonus, and is also eligible to participate in our employee benefit plans and programs; provided that 
beginning in 2026, Mr. Ogunlesi’s compensation may be harmonized with BlackRock’s total compensation approach for similarly-
situated employees. Mr. Ogunlesi is also entitled to receive distributions in respect of carried interest, performance fees, and other 
similar entitlements related to certain GIP funds that will be reported as compensation when paid. In addition, for as long as he 
remains an employee, Mr. Ogunlesi is entitled to the use of private and first-class air travel for business purposes, participation in 
the enhanced medical reimbursement plan, and certain lifetime retiree medical benefits provided by GIP to its founders.
Corporate Governance
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
45

=== PAGE 52 ===
Other Executive Officers
In addition to Messrs. Fink and Kapito, whose biographical information is included on pages 14 and 17, respectively, the 
following is a list of individuals serving as executive officers of BlackRock as of the date of this Proxy Statement, each of 
whom also serves on BlackRock’s GEC. All of BlackRock’s executive officers serve at the discretion of the Board 
and CEO. 
 
Stephen Cohen
age 50
Senior Managing Director, has been Chief Product Officer and Head of Global Product 
Solutions since January 2024. Prior to that, Mr. Cohen served as Head of Europe, Middle 
East and Africa (EMEA) from April 2021 to January 2024. Previously, Mr. Cohen served as 
Head of the iShares and Wealth businesses in EMEA and oversaw Index Investments 
in EMEA from 2017 to 2021. He served as Global Head of Fixed Income Indexing from 
2011 to 2017. Mr. Cohen joined BlackRock in 2011 from Nomura, where he was the Global 
Head of Equity Linked Strategy.
Robert L. Goldstein
age 52
Senior Managing Director, has been Chief Operating Officer since 2014. Prior to assuming 
the COO role, he led BlackRock’s Institutional Client Business from 2012 to 2014. 
Mr. Goldstein has spent his entire career at BlackRock, beginning in 1994 as an analyst in 
the Company’s Portfolio Analytics Group.
Caroline Heller
age 48
Senior Managing Director, has been Global Head of Human Resources since January 
2023. Prior to becoming Global Head of Human Resources, Ms. Heller was the Head of 
Talent and Business Partners from May 2021 to December 2022. Before joining 
BlackRock, Ms. Heller worked at Goldman Sachs for over 20 years, where she held several 
leadership roles in Human Capital Management, including serving as Head of the 
Business Partners and Talent Acquisition teams from May 2020 to February 2021 and 
Head of Talent Management from January 2018 to May 2020.
J. Richard Kushel
age 59
Senior Managing Director, has been Head of the Portfolio Management Group, which 
encompasses BlackRock’s liquid markets, active investing across Fixed Income, Equities 
and Multi-Asset Strategies, since 2020. Mr. Kushel’s prior roles include heading Multi-
Asset Strategies, Global Fixed Income, Strategic Product Management, BlackRock 
Investment Stewardship, and the BlackRock Investment Institute. He also previously 
served as Chief Product Officer and Deputy Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Kushel has been 
with BlackRock since 1991. 
Rachel Lord
age 60
Senior Managing Director, has been Head of International since January 2024. Prior to 
this, Ms. Lord served as Head of Asia Pacific from May 2021 to January 2024, and Head of 
EMEA from 2017 to May 2021. From 2013 to 2017, she was EMEA Head of iShares and 
Head of Global Clients, ETF and Index Investments. Ms. Lord joined BlackRock in 
November 2013 from Citigroup where she was Global Head of Corporate 
Equity Derivatives.
Christopher J. Meade
age 57
Senior Managing Director, has been Chief Legal Officer of BlackRock since 2016 and 
General Counsel since 2015. Before joining BlackRock in 2015, Mr. Meade was the 
General Counsel of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Previously, he was a partner with 
the law firm of Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr. Earlier in his career, Mr. Meade 
served as a law clerk to Justice John Paul Stevens on the U.S. Supreme Court and Judge 
Harry T. Edwards of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. 
Martin S. Small
age 50
Senior Managing Director, has been Chief Financial Officer of BlackRock since 
February 2023, and also serves as BlackRock’s Global Head of Corporate Strategy. 
Previously, Mr. Small was Head of U.S. Wealth Advisory from 2018 to February 2023 and 
Head of U.S. and Canada iShares from 2014 to 2018. From 2008 to 2014, he helped 
establish, and served in global and regional leadership roles for, the Financial Markets 
Advisory group. Mr. Small joined BlackRock in 2006 as a member of the Legal & 
Compliance Department. Prior to joining BlackRock, Mr. Small was a corporate lawyer with 
the law firm of Davis Polk & Wardwell in New York and a federal law clerk for the Honorable 
Richard Owen of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. 
Corporate Governance 
46
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 53 ===
Ownership of BlackRock Common Stock
The following table includes certain information about the beneficial ownership of BlackRock’s voting securities as of 
March 31, 2026, by: 
• Each person who is known by BlackRock to own 
beneficially more than 5% of any class of outstanding 
voting securities of BlackRock; 
• Each of BlackRock’s directors and nominees; 
• Each of the NEOs named in the 2025 Summary 
Compensation Table; and 
• All of BlackRock’s executive officers and directors as 
a group.
Except as otherwise noted, each individual exercises sole voting power or investment power over the shares of voting 
securities shown. The number of shares of voting securities shown in the following table as beneficially owned by each 
director and executive officer is determined under the rules of the SEC. The information is not necessarily indicative of 
beneficial ownership for any other purpose. For purposes of the table, beneficial ownership includes any shares of 
voting securities as to which the individual has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares of 
common stock that the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 31, 2026, through the exercise of 
any option, warrant or right. Fractional shares have been rounded to the nearest whole number. 
As of March 31, 2026, there were 155,364,965 shares of BlackRock common stock outstanding.
BlackRock, Inc.
 
9,580,403 (3)
 6.17%  
—  
9,580,403 (3)
50 Hudson Yards
New York, NY 10001
Kuwait Investment Authority, acting for and on 
behalf of the Government of the State of Kuwait
 
7,993,064 (4)
 5.14%  
—  
7,993,064 (4)
Ministries Complex, Block 3
Safat, Kuwait 13001
Pamela Daley
 
5,709 
*  
764  
6,473 
Laurence D. Fink
 
250,119 
*  
14,297  
264,416 
Gregory J. Fleming
 
256 
*  
214  
470 
William E. Ford
 
15,908 
*  
764  
16,672 
Fabrizio Freda
 
3,019 
*  
764  
3,783 
Murry S. Gerber
 
42,348 
*  
764  
43,112 
Robert L. Goldstein(5)
 
47,802 
*  
7,819  
55,621 
Margaret “Peggy” L. Johnson(5)
 
3,368 
*  
764  
4,132 
Robert S. Kapito(5)
 
209,031 
*  
9,894  
218,925 
J. Richard Kushel(5)
 
138,681 
*  
4,452  
143,133 
Gregg R. Lemkau
 
29 
*  
225  
254 
Cheryl D. Mills
 
5,178 
*  
764  
5,942 
Kathleen Murphy(5)
 
587 
*  
214  
801 
Amin H. Nasser(5)
 
466 
*  
764  
1,230 
Amount of
Beneficial
Ownership of
Common Stock(1)
Percent of
Common Stock
Outstanding
Deferred/
Restricted Stock
Units and Stock
Options(2)
Total
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
47

=== PAGE 54 ===
Amount of
Beneficial
Ownership of
Common Stock(1)
Percent of
Common Stock
Outstanding
Deferred/
Restricted Stock
Units and Stock
Options(2)
Total
Gordon M. Nixon
 
4,797 
*  
764  
5,561 
Adebayo Ogunlesi(5)
 
1,794,477 
 1.16%  
—  
1,794,477 
Kristin C. Peck
 
1,264 
*  
764  
2,028 
Charles H. Robbins
 
2,327 
*  
764  
3,091 
Martin S. Small
 
5,481 
*  
6,612  
12,093 
Hans E. Vestberg
 
1,348 
*  
764  
2,112 
Susan L. Wagner(6)
 
427,407 
*  
764  
428,171 
Mark Wilson
 
2,530 
*  
764  
3,294 
All directors and executive officers as a group 
(26 persons)(5)
 
2,985,058
 
 1.92%  
67,274  
3,052,332 
* 
The number of shares of common stock held by such individual is less than 1.0% of the outstanding shares of common stock. 
(1)
Does not include unvested/unsettled RSUs and stock options. 
(2)
Includes deferred and restricted stock units, and stock options that have vested or vest within 60 days of March 31, 2026. Does 
not include BPIP awards. 
(3)
Based on a review of the Schedule 13G/A filed on February 9, 2024 by BlackRock, Inc., BlackRock, Inc. reported it held 8,562,270 
shares with sole voting power, 0 shares with shared voting power, 9,580,403 shares with sole dispositive power and 0 shares with 
shared dispositive power, all of which are beneficially owned by funds managed by subsidiaries of BlackRock, Inc. Voting 
recommendations regarding these shares are made by an independent third party voting service provider to avoid potential 
conflicts of interest. 
(4)
Based on a review of the Schedule 13G filed on July 7, 2020 by the Kuwait Investment Authority (the “KIA”), acting for and on 
behalf of the Government of the State of Kuwait. The KIA reported it held 0 shares with sole voting power, 7,993,064 shares with 
shared voting power, 0 shares with sole dispositive power and 7,993,064 shares with shared dispositive power. 
(5)
Includes shares of BlackRock common stock held jointly, indirectly and/or in trust (other than shares the beneficial ownership of 
which has been disclaimed). 
(6)
Includes shares of BlackRock common stock held through a trust over which Ms. Wagner has investment control. 
Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
SEC rules require the Company to disclose whether any of its directors, officers, and beneficial owners of more than 
10% of common stock did not timely file reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during the most recent 
fiscal year. As a practical matter, the Company assists its directors and officers by monitoring transactions and 
completing and filing Section 16 reports on their behalf. The Company believes that during the past fiscal year, all 
Section 16 reports for its directors and officers were timely filed, except for one late Form 4 made on behalf of each of 
Gregory J. Fleming and Kathleen Murphy due to a BlackRock administrative error. Specifically, changes to BlackRock’s 
director compensation program, which modified the timing of equity awards for new directors, were not timely applied 
in BlackRock’s system to Mr. Fleming and Ms. Murphy, who joined the Board following those changes. Accordingly, the 
related Forms 4 were not timely filed.
Ownership of BlackRock  Common Stock 
48
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 55 ===
Certain Relationships and 
Related Transactions
Transactions with BlackRock Directors, Executive Officers and Other 
Related Parties 
From time to time, certain directors, their family members and related charitable foundations may have investments in 
various BlackRock investment vehicles or accounts. For certain types of products and services offered by BlackRock’s 
subsidiaries, BlackRock directors may receive discounts that are available to our employees generally. In addition, 
certain of the companies or affiliates of the companies that employ BlackRock’s independent directors may have 
investments in various BlackRock investment vehicles or accounts or may receive advisory, technology and risk 
management services. These investments and services are entered into in the ordinary course of business on 
substantially the same terms as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with similarly situated 
customers and eligible employees. 
One of our directors, Adebayo Ogunlesi, indirectly through a limited liability company he controls (the “Aircraft LLC”), is 
a party to an aircraft lease agreement (the “GIP Aircraft Lease”) with GIP. Following the closing of the GIP acquisition, 
BlackRock assumed GIP’s obligations under the GIP Aircraft Lease. Pursuant to the GIP Aircraft Lease, BlackRock is 
responsible for lease and other trip specific costs for use of a private aircraft by Mr. Ogunlesi for business travel. Our 
cost under the GIP Aircraft Lease for use of the aircraft by Mr. Ogunlesi for business travel in 2025 was $6.0 million. Mr. 
Ogunlesi has a separate lease agreement with the Aircraft LLC for the lease of the aircraft for his personal travel for 
which he bears the cost. 
The daughter of Mark Wilson, one of our directors, is employed by BlackRock, Inc. as an Associate in our Private 
Financing Solutions Environmental, Social and Governance group. In 2025, Ms. Wilson earned cash compensation of 
approximately £112,500. The compensation for Ms. Wilson is commensurate with her peers’ compensation and 
established in accordance with our compensation practices applicable to employees with equivalent qualifications, 
experience and responsibilities. In addition, Ms. Wilson participates in employee benefit plans and programs generally 
made available to employees of similar responsibility levels. 
How We Review, Approve or Ratify Transactions with Related Persons 
The Board has adopted a written policy regarding related person transactions, which governs and establishes 
procedures for approving and ratifying related person transactions. 
The policy defines a related person transaction as any transaction or arrangement in which the amount involved 
exceeds $120,000, where BlackRock or any of its subsidiaries is a participant and a related person has a direct or 
indirect material interest. For purposes of the policy, a “related person” is any person who is, or was during the 
last fiscal year, a BlackRock director or executive officer, or a director nominee, or any person who is a beneficial 
owner of more than 5% of any class of BlackRock’s voting securities, or any immediate family member of any of 
the foregoing persons.
Related person transactions must be approved or ratified by a majority of the members of the NGC or the Board. In the 
event it is not practicable for BlackRock to wait for approval until the next meeting of the NGC or the Board, the Chair of 
the NGC may approve the transaction. In reviewing any related person transaction, all of the relevant facts and 
circumstances must be considered, including: 
• The related person’s relationship to BlackRock and his or her interest in the transaction; 
• The benefits to BlackRock; 
• The impact on a director’s independence in the event the related person is a director, an immediate family member 
of a director or an entity in which a director is a partner, shareholder or executive officer; 
• The availability of comparable products or services that would avoid the need for a related person transaction; and 
• The terms of the transaction and the terms available to unrelated third parties or to employees generally. 
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
49

=== PAGE 56 ===
Management Development & Compensation 
Committee Interlocks and 
Insider Participation
The members of the MDCC during 2025 were Mses. Daley, Mills and Peck and Messrs. Ford (Chair), Nixon and Wilson. 
No member of the MDCC was, during the fiscal year, an officer or employee, or formerly an officer or employee, of 
BlackRock or involved in any related person transactions requiring disclosure in this Proxy Statement. 
No executive officer of BlackRock served as a: 
• Member of the MDCC (or other Board committee performing equivalent functions or, in the absence of any such 
committee, the entire Board) of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on the MDCC; 
• Director of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on the MDCC; or 
• Member of the MDCC (or other Board committee performing equivalent functions or, in the absence of any such 
committee, the entire Board) of another entity, one of whose executive officers served as a director of BlackRock. 
50
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 57 ===
ITEM 2
Approval, in a Non-Binding Advisory Vote, 
of the Compensation for Named 
Executive Officers
Pursuant to Section 14A of the Exchange Act, we are asking our shareholders to approve the compensation of 
our NEOs as disclosed in this Proxy Statement. 
While this vote is advisory, and not binding on the Company, it will provide information to us regarding 
investor sentiment about our executive compensation philosophy, policies and practices. We value the 
opinions of our shareholders and, to the extent there is any significant vote against the compensation of our 
NEOs as disclosed in this Proxy Statement, we will consider our shareholders’ concerns and the MDCC will 
evaluate whether any actions are necessary to address those concerns. 
Before You Vote
In considering your vote, we encourage shareholders to review the information on BlackRock’s compensation 
policies and decisions regarding our NEOs presented in the summary of our executive compensation 
practices on page 90, as well as the “Annual Message from the Chair of the Management Development & 
Compensation Committee” on page 52 and our “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” beginning on page 54. 
• Our pay-for-performance compensation philosophy is structured to align management’s interests with our 
shareholders’ interests.
• A significant portion of total compensation for executives is closely linked to BlackRock’s financial and 
operational performance as well as BlackRock’s common stock price performance.
• BlackRock has adopted strong governance practices for its employment and compensation programs.
• Our compensation programs are reviewed periodically to ensure that they do not promote excessive 
risk-taking.
Our Board’s current policy is to conduct annual advisory votes to approve the compensation of our NEOs, and 
we expect to conduct the next advisory vote at our 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
Board Recommendation
 
The Board of Directors unanimously recommends you vote “FOR” the approval of the 
compensation of our NEOs.
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
51

=== PAGE 58 ===
Annual Message from the Chair of the Management Development & 
Compensation Committee
To My Fellow Shareholders,
Over the past several years, BlackRock and I have maintained ongoing dialogue with shareholders on executive 
compensation. We have continued to broaden and deepen our engagement to better understand shareholders’ diverse 
views and incorporate them into the MDCC’s ongoing oversight. 
Our engagements reinforced several key themes:
• Shareholders broadly share the core principle of 
BlackRock’s executive compensation program: paying 
for performance that serves shareholders’ 
long-term interests.
• Many of our largest shareholders understand how our 
compensation design and governance processes seek 
to deliver on this principle and expressed continued 
support for the program and its effectiveness.
• Some shareholders shared a range of questions and 
ideas that, while not consistent with views expressed 
by most shareholders, still provide valuable insight 
into shareholders’ evolving expectations and will 
continue to inform the MDCC’s oversight around the 
framework we use to determine variable pay decisions 
for NEOs.
• From these discussions over the past two years, we 
concluded that the majority of shareholders continue 
to support our executive compensation approach and 
we will continue to seek ways to most effectively and 
transparently communicate our pay program’s 
thoughtful approach and alignment to 
shareholder interests.
Guided by these themes, you will see that our 2025 NEO 
pay outcomes and CD&A disclosure reflect several 
updates, including: 
• Increased emphasis on performance-based long-term 
equity through our BPIP awards. We will continue to 
pre-disclose the financial goals we set in that program, 
including increased long-term organic revenue growth 
targets that represent market-leading outcomes; 
• Enhanced alignment of leadership to BlackRock’s 
private markets growth strategy and long-term 
enterprise value creation, reinforced by the allocation 
of long-term carried interest awards to two additional 
NEOs and newly expanded executive stock ownership 
expectations; and 
• Refined disclosure intended to provide greater insight 
into program design, outcomes and the MDCC’s 
perspective, particularly with respect to the NEO Total 
Incentive Award determination process the Committee 
has thoughtfully evolved in recent years to enhance its 
depth and granularity. 
Looking Ahead
The MDCC members and I continue to focus 
on delivering a compensation program 
designed and maintained to serve 
shareholders’ long-term interests – consistent 
with the outcomes that both the MDCC and 
shareholders commonly prioritize.
We advance these priorities through a program that 
aims to:
• Drive and reward leadership decisions and behaviors 
that advance shareholders’ and clients’ interests while 
maintaining an appropriate long-term perspective;
• Produce compensation outcomes demonstrably 
aligned with performance, where superior 
performance earns superior reward and 
underperformance results in meaningfully 
lower reward;
• Ensure NEO incentives align with long-term enterprise 
strategy and shareholder interests in a durable 
manner across market cycles, minimizing the need for 
changes to core program design;
• Support our ability to attract, motivate, and retain 
top talent while enabling effective succession 
planning; and
• Provide transparent disclosure that enables 
shareholders to evaluate pay outcomes relative to our 
performance, strategic objectives, and these stated 
priorities for the program.
I invite shareholders to review the Compensation 
Discussion and Analysis (CD&A) that follows, 
evaluate our executive compensation 
program against these priorities, and 
continue to engage with BlackRock by 
asking questions and sharing feedback. 
Thank you again for your engagement and perspectives. 
On behalf of the MDCC, I respectfully ask for your 
support at our 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
Sincerely,
William E. Ford
Item 2 Approval, in a Non-Binding Advisory Vote, of the Compensation for Named Executive Officers
52
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 59 ===
Management Development & Compensation 
Committee Report
Management Development & Compensation Committee Report on 
Executive Compensation for Fiscal Year 2025
The MDCC has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by Item 402(b) of 
Regulation S-K with management and has recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
be included in this Proxy Statement. 
Members of the MDCC 
William E. Ford, Chair
Pamela Daley
Cheryl D. Mills
Kathleen Murphy
Gordon M. Nixon
Kristin C. Peck
Mark Wilson
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
53

=== PAGE 60 ===
Executive Compensation
BlackRock’s executive compensation program is 
designed to align management incentives with the 
long-term interests of our shareholders. Our total annual 
compensation structure embodies our commitment to 
align pay with performance. The Compensation 
Discussion and Analysis provides shareholders with 
information about BlackRock’s business and 2025 
financial performance, our disciplined compensation 
approach and 2025 compensation decisions for our 
NEOs, listed below. 
Laurence D. Fink
Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer
Robert S. Kapito
President
Robert L. Goldstein
Chief Operating Officer
Martin S. Small
Chief Financial Officer and 
Global Head of Corporate Strategy
J. Richard Kushel
Head of Portfolio Management 
Group
Table of Contents
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
1. Introduction
BlackRock Shareholder Value Framework
55
2025 Financial Performance
56
NEO Total Annual Compensation Summary
57
Pay-for-Performance Compensation Structure 
for NEOs
57
Historical Alignment of CEO Pay with BlackRock’s 
Financial and Market Growth
58
Annual NEO Framework: 2025 NEO Pre-Set 
Performance Scorecard
61
Shareholder Engagement on Executive 
Compensation
64
2025 Say-on-Pay Response
64
2. Our Executive Compensation Program
and Mechanics
Compensation Program Priorities
67
2025 Compensation Timeline and Processes
68
Total Annual Compensation Elements
69
BlackRock Performance Incentive Plan (BPIP)
70
CEO Carry Incentive
72
Executive Carry Program (ECP)
72
Role of the Compensation Consultant
74
Competitive Pay Positioning – Market Data
75
3. 2025 NEO Compensation and
Performance Summaries
76
4. Compensation Policies and Practices
Summary of Executive Compensation Practices
90
Executive Compensation Tables
95
CEO Pay Ratio for 2025
104
Pay Versus Performance
105
Equity Compensation Plan Information
109
COMPENSATION SECTION ROADMAP
1.
Introduction
2.
Our Executive 
Compensation Program 
and Mechanics
3.
2025 NEO 
Compensation and 
Performance Summaries
4.
Compensation Policies 
and Practices
54
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 61 ===
1. Introduction
BLACKROCK SHAREHOLDER VALUE FRAMEWORK 
BlackRock is committed to delivering long-term shareholder value. We believe that management can influence key 
drivers of shareholder value over the long term, even while short-term financial results may be affected by global 
capital market conditions. 
As described below, BlackRock’s shareholder value creation framework is based on our long-term ability to: 
Organic Growth
 + 
Operating Leverage
 + 
Capital Management
 = 
Long-Term Value Creation
Generate
differentiated
 organic growth; 
Leverage our scale for
the benefit of clients
and shareholders; and 
Return capital to shareholders
on a consistent
and predictable basis. 
Deliver shareholder value
through performance, client
focus and analytics.
BlackRock seeks to deliver value for shareholders over time by, among other things, capitalizing on BlackRock’s 
differentiated competitive position as an investment and technology solutions provider across public and private 
markets; focusing on strong investment performance; and underpinning our work with technology, data and analytics. 
This approach better enables us to grow our business by adding new AUM and increasing technology services revenue, 
resulting in Organic Revenue Growth.(1) BlackRock’s scale is one of the firm’s key strategic advantages and an 
important driver of operating leverage that benefits our clients, shareholders, employees and the communities in 
which we operate. Our scale benefits numerous areas of our business, including our index-based and cash investment 
strategies, brand spend, technology platform, and our external vendor relationships. 
In addition to leveraging our scale, investing for the long term is a key element of our strategy. Our diversified platform, 
across styles, products, client types and geographies, enables us to generate stable cash flow through market cycles 
and positions BlackRock to consistently invest for future growth and return capital to our shareholders. For more 
details, refer to “Business Outlook” on pages 39-41 of our 2025 Form 10-K. 
Altogether, BlackRock’s shareholder value framework—and the executive compensation program that supports it—has 
underpinned the Company’s history of shareholder value creation. The strength of this value creation framework is 
demonstrated by BlackRock's long-term track record:
Total Shareholder Return (Cumulative, through 2025)(2)
1-year
3-year
5-year
10-year
20-year
Since 1999 (IPO)
7%
62%
67%
303%
1,490%
12,568%
(1)
Organic Revenue Growth is a measure of the estimated annual revenue impact of BlackRock’s total net new business in a given 
year, including net new technology services revenue, excluding the effect of market appreciation or depreciation and foreign 
exchange. Organic Revenue is not directly correlated with the actual revenue earned in a given year. 
(2)
Assumes reinvestment of all dividends.
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
55

=== PAGE 62 ===
2025 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE(1)
BlackRock delivered strong performance across our entire platform. We executed on organic and inorganic growth opportunities and 
delivered exceptional results. BlackRock generated a record $698 billion of total net inflows in 2025, representing 6% organic asset 
growth and 9% organic base fee growth. BlackRock grew revenue by 19%, operating income, as adjusted, by 18% and EPS, as 
adjusted, by 10%. We returned over $5.0 billion to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. Our 
strong growth and momentum led us to increase our 2026 dividends per share by 10%. 
DIFFERENTIATED ORGANIC GROWTH
OPERATING LEVERAGE
BlackRock generated 6% organic asset growth and 9% 
organic base fee growth in 2025.
•
Total net inflows of $698 billion, positive across active, 
index and all asset classes, represented organic asset 
growth of 6%, compared to Traditional Peers(2) who saw, 
on average, 1% organic asset growth.
•
Technology services and subscription revenue grew 24% 
and annual contract value increased 16% organically in 
2025. 
•
Total revenue was up 19% from 2024 to $24.2 billion.
BlackRock’s 2025 operating margin, as adjusted, of 44.1% 
was down 40 basis points.
•
Operating income, as adjusted, of $9.6 billion was up 
18% from 2024.
•
Our 2025 operating margin, as adjusted, reflected higher  
performance fees and related compensation, resulting in 
a slight margin decline. 
•
Excluding the impact of performance fees and related 
compensation, operating margin, as adjusted, increased 
relative to 2024.
2025 Organic
Asset Growth
6%
-1%
BlackRock
Traditional
Peers(2)
Revenue
($ billions)
$17.9
$20.4
$24.2
+14%
+19%
2023
2024
2025
BlackRock
Operating Income
($ billions)
(as adjusted)
$6.6
$8.1
$9.6
+23%
+18%
2023
2024
2025
BlackRock
Operating Margin
(as adjusted)
+280
  bps
-40
  bps
41.7%
44.5%
44.1%
2023
2024
2025
CONSISTENT CAPITAL RETURN
EARNINGS PER SHARE
BlackRock returned a record $5.0 billion to shareholders 
in 2025.
•
Annual dividend of $20.84 per share reflected an increase 
of 2% from $20.40 in 2024; and
•
$1.6 billion of shares were repurchased during 2025.
BlackRock grew diluted earnings per share, as adjusted, 
by 10% to $48.09 in 2025. 
•
Higher operating income, partially offset by lower non-
operating income and a higher diluted share count, drove 
a 10% increase in earnings per share, as adjusted. 
Cash Dividends
Per Share
$20.00
$20.40 $20.84
+2%
+2%
2023
2024
2025
Share Buyback
($ billions)
$1.5
$1.6
$1.6
+8%
+0%
2023
2024
2025
Net Income
($ billions)
(as adjusted)
$5.7
$6.6
$7.7
+16%
+17%
2023
2024
2025
Earnings
Per Share ($)
(as adjusted)
$37.77
$43.61 $48.09
+15%
+10%
2023
2024
2025
(1)
Amounts in this section, where noted, are shown on an “as adjusted” basis. For a reconciliation with GAAP, please see Annex A. 
Beginning in the first quarter of 2023, BlackRock updated the definitions of its non-GAAP financial measures to exclude the 
impact of market valuation changes on certain deferred cash compensation plans which the Company began economically 
hedging in 2023. Beginning in the third quarter of 2025, diluted earnings per share, as adjusted, assumes all Class B-2 common 
units ("Subco Units") of BlackRock Saturn Subco, LLC ("Subco"), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, have been exchanged 
in accordance with their terms into shares of BlackRock common stock on a one-for-one basis. As of December 31, 2025, there 
were 155.1 million shares of BlackRock common stock and 7.7 million Subco Units outstanding.
(2)
Traditional Peers refers to public company asset managers: Alliance Bernstein, Affiliated Managers Group, Franklin Resources, 
Invesco and T. Rowe Price.                                                                
Executive Compensation
56
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 63 ===
NEO TOTAL ANNUAL COMPENSATION SUMMARY
Following a review of full-year business and individual NEO performance, the MDCC determined 2025 Total Annual Compensation 
outcomes for each NEO, as outlined in the table below. Total Annual Compensation (“TAC”) includes base salary and Total Incentive 
Awards (Annual Cash Bonus, Annual RSU Incentives and BPIP equity awards). 
Name
Base
Salary
2025 Total Incentive Award
Total Annual
Compensation
(TAC)
Annual Cash
 Bonus
Annual RSU 
Incentive(2)
BPIP(3)
Laurence D. Fink(1)
$ 1,500,000 $ 10,567,500 $ 8,432,500 
$ 24,500,000 
$ 45,000,000 
Robert S. Kapito
$ 1,250,000 $ 7,000,000 $ 6,000,000 
$ 16,750,000 
$ 31,000,000 
Robert L. Goldstein
$ 750,000 
$ 5,001,850 $ 5,087,650 
$ 8,500,000 
$ 19,339,500 
Martin S. Small
$ 750,000 
$ 5,001,850 $ 5,087,650 
$ 8,500,000 
$ 19,339,500 
J. Richard Kushel
$ 750,000 
$ 3,375,000 $ 2,625,000 
$ 6,250,000 
$ 13,000,000 
(1)
In addition to the compensation elements outlined above, Mr. Fink received long-term incentive in the form of carried interest tied 
to BlackRock’s private markets growth. More information about this award can be found under “CEO Carry Incentive” on page 72.
(2)
Grants of BlackRock equity, including the Annual RSU Incentive and BPIP awards, are approved by the MDCC under the 
BlackRock, Inc. Third Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (“Stock Plan”), which has been previously 
approved by shareholders.  
(3)
The value of the 2025 BPIP awards and the value of the Annual RSU Incentive were converted into RSUs by dividing the award 
value by $1,170.18, which represented the average of the high and low prices per share of BlackRock common stock on 
January 16, 2026.
The amounts listed above as “2025 Total Incentive Award: Annual RSU Incentive” and “2025 Total Incentive Award: BPIP” were granted 
in January 2026 in the form of equity and are in addition to cash award amounts listed above as “2025 Total Incentive Award: Annual 
Cash Bonus.” In accordance with SEC requirements, the “2025 Summary Compensation Table” on page 95 reports equity in the year 
granted, but cash in the year earned. 
In January 2026, the MDCC approved the adoption of a carry-based long-term incentive program for select senior executives other 
than the Chief Executive Officer, referred to as the Executive Carry Program (the “ECP”). The ECP is designed to align the long-term 
interests of senior enterprise leaders with the performance of BlackRock’s private markets investment platform and long-term value 
creation. The ECP strengthens BlackRock’s ability to attract, retain and motivate key senior leaders during a period of sustained 
growth and transformation in private markets. Under the ECP, the MDCC approved allocations of carried interest as part of the 2025 
long-term incentives of select executives. Two NEOs, Mr. Goldstein and Mr. Small, were identified to participate in the ECP. More 
information about this award can be found under "Executive Carry Program" starting on page 72. 
For individualized detail on NEO 2025 performance and pay outcomes, please refer to “2025 NEO Compensation and Performance 
Summaries” starting on page 76. 
PAY-FOR-PERFORMANCE COMPENSATION STRUCTURE FOR NEOs
Our total annual compensation structure embodies our commitment to align pay with performance. More than 95% of our regular 
annual NEO compensation is performance-based and “at-risk” (shown as “Variable and based on performance” compensation 
below). Compensation mix percentages shown below are based on 2025 year-end compensation decisions by the MDCC for 
individual NEOs. 
CEO 2025 TOTAL ANNUAL 
COMPENSATION
OTHER NEOs 2025 TOTAL ANNUAL 
COMPENSATION
 
 
3%
23%
19%
54%
4%
25%
23%
48%
Base Salary 
Cash
Annual 
Cash Bonus
LTI 
Annual RSU 
Incentive
LTI 
BPIP
(Performance-
Based RSUs)
Base Salary 
Cash
Annual 
Cash Bonus
LTI 
Annual RSU 
Incentive
LTI 
BPIP
(Performance-
Based RSUs)
 (1)
“Variable and based on performance” compensation includes Annual Cash Bonus, Annual RSU Incentive and BPIP awards.
(2)
The Long-Term Incentives include the Annual RSU Incentive and BPIP awards.
(3)
Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding.
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
57
73%
Long-Term 
Incentive(2) 
97%
Variable 
and based on
performance(1) 
71%
Long-Term
Incentive(2)
96%
Variable 
and based on
performance(1) 

=== PAGE 64 ===
HISTORICAL ALIGNMENT OF CEO PAY WITH BLACKROCK’S FINANCIAL AND 
MARKET GROWTH
The contents of this section are supplemental to, and not intended to replace, the Pay Versus Performance disclosure 
made pursuant to Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K beginning on page 105. 
The graph below reflects BlackRock’s financial and market growth as well as CEO total compensation decisions during 
the period from 2016 to 2025.
10-YEAR HISTORY: CEO PAY VS. FINANCIAL AND MARKET VALUE GROWTH(1)
Performance (Growth from December 31, 2015)
112%
303%
104%
145%
73%
Dec. 31, 
2015
(Index)
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
(50)%
0%
50%
100%
150%
200%
250%
300%
350%
Revenue
Total Shareholder 
Return
Operating income, 
as adjusted
Diluted Earnings Per 
Share, as adjusted
CEO Compensation
(1)
For a reconciliation with GAAP, please see Annex A.
Dec. 31, 
2015
(Index)
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
Total CEO 
Compensation 
($000s)
 $26,000  $25,500  $27,950  $24,000  $25,250  $29,850  $36,000  $25,200  $27,550  $36,668  $45,000 
Year-over-Year 
Compensation 
Change (%)
-2%
+10%
-14%
+5%
+18%
+21%
-30%
+9%
+33%
+23%
Performance 
Assessment(1)
Partially 
Meets
Meets / 
Exceeds
Far 
Exceeds
Far 
Exceeds
Partially 
Meets
Meets / 
Exceeds
Far 
Exceeds
Far 
Exceeds
(1)
The structured performance rating was first implemented in 2018.
Our assessment and pay determination process has continually resulted in pay levels that have been outpaced by 
BlackRock’s financial growth over time. Our CEO’s pay has increased at an annualized rate of 5.6% since 2015, during 
which time BlackRock’s revenue, operating income, as adjusted, and EPS, as adjusted, have grown at annual rates of 
7-9%. BlackRock has achieved an annualized Total Shareholder Return of 15% per year over the period.
Additionally, our four 2025 NEOs who were NEOs in 2015 (Messrs. Fink, Goldstein, Kapito and Kushel) have 
experienced average annualized pay growth of approximately 6% over the past 10 years, a rate which is also lower than 
each of the financial growth rates shown above.
Executive Compensation
58
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 65 ===
ANNUAL NEO FRAMEWORK 
The Annual NEO Total Incentive and Performance Determination framework (which we refer to as the “Annual NEO 
Framework”) is a long-standing element of BlackRock’s executive compensation program and supports our broader 
management and performance development process. The Annual NEO Framework guides the MDCC’s annual NEO 
performance assessments, which in turn inform NEO year-end Total Incentive Award growth determinations. 
These determinations establish actual realized incentive reward values for cash bonuses, which represent less than 
25% of 2025 NEO total annual compensation. More than 70% of NEO total annual compensation is delivered 
through long-term equity awards that are 100% at-risk and tied to 3-year financial and/or share price performance. 
See the “MDCC’s Use and Rationale of Context-Informed Judgment within our Annual NEO Framework” and “2025 Say-
on-Pay Response” sections starting on pages 62 and 64, respectively, for further discussion on the MDCC’s use of, and 
philosophy behind, the Annual NEO Framework and its purpose within our broader executive compensation program.
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
59

=== PAGE 66 ===
PAY AND PERFORMANCE ALIGNMENT FOR NEOs – TOTAL INCENTIVE AWARD DETERMINATION
NEO Total Incentive and 
Performance 
Determination 
Framework
Under the framework, 
the MDCC assesses 
the quality of each NEO’s 
performance individually, 
based on three categories 
outlined below. Each 
category is assigned a 
weighting factor.
50%
achievement of financial 
performance goals
25%
progress towards meeting 
the strategic objectives as 
measured by the business 
strength
25%
progress towards meeting its 
organizational priorities
 
Objective setting
At the start of the year, the MDCC and management engage in a rigorous review and 
approval of the annual NEO Pre-set Performance Scorecard (as shown on the following 
page), which includes measures tied to each framework category. These measures are 
supported by objectives and multi-factored key performance indicators (“KPIs”) that 
underpin each performance measure of the scorecard and reinforce BlackRock’s 
commitment to shareholder value creation and serving client needs holistically and 
through market cycles. The scorecard is used by the MDCC to guide their assessment 
of NEO performance that considers:  
•
Achievement against annual objectives;
•
Performance across short- and long-term time horizons;
•
Relative and absolute results; and
•
The quality of leadership, execution, and decision-making.
 
Performance monitoring
Throughout the year, the MDCC monitors firm performance against the objectives, 
evaluating progress against pre-set goals. This ongoing oversight ensures performance 
outcomes are assessed within the context of the firm’s operating environment and 
strategic priorities.
 
Year-end assessments 
At year-end, the MDCC conducts a comprehensive assessment of NEO performance 
across multiple meetings, using the results from the scorecard to determine 
achievement against the pre-set objectives and KPIs. 
Our CEO presents the MDCC with performance and compensation recommendations 
for each of our other NEOs for the MDCC’s discussion, review and approval.
The MDCC uses context-informed judgment, with reference to the pre-set objectives 
and KPIs for each performance measure and the operating conditions within which 
results were achieved, to assess performance at year-end. This process enables the 
MDCC to more effectively measure NEO performance quality and achieve the priorities 
of the executive compensation program and maintain more rigorous long-term pay-
for-performance alignment. 
 
 
Total Incentive Award determination
Total Incentive Awards includes all NEO variable pay (Annual Cash Bonus, Annual RSU 
Incentive and BPIP award). Typically, more than half of NEO incentive awards are 
delivered through equity, tied to future performance to reinforce long-term alignment. 
Total Incentive Awards can range from a percent change of -100% to +35% from the 
prior year’s award, with the Total Incentive Award growth outcome capped at +35%, 
reflecting a maximum reward for extraordinary firm and individual 
performance outcomes. 
Determinations are informed by structured performance assessments as well as the 
MDCC’s context-informed judgment, which is guided by objective structural elements, 
(e.g., weighted performance categories, pre-set performance measures and capped 
payout ranges).  
We believe this disciplined and holistic approach in assessing performance leads to 
determinations that are in the best interest of BlackRock and its shareholders.
For further information on the MDCC’s assessment for 2025 NEO pay determinations and for performance 
assessments for each NEO, please refer to “2025 NEO Compensation and Performance Summaries” starting on page 76.
Executive Compensation
60
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 67 ===
ANNUAL NEO FRAMEWORK: 2025 NEO PRE-SET PERFORMANCE SCORECARD
The below NEO Pre-Set Performance Scorecard outlines each category, their weights, and the associated measures 
within each category. These measures are supported by specific objectives and KPIs that include peer comparisons, 
multi-year results and internal BlackRock metrics. 
Balanced Scorecard: 
Category Weights
Measures Include:
Financial 
Performance
• Priority 1: Drive profitable 
growth
◦
Next 12-Month P/E 
Multiple (including 
relative premium)
◦
Total Shareholder Return
◦
Diluted EPS, as 
adjusted(1)
◦
Operating Income, as 
adjusted(1)
• Priority 2: Accelerate 
organic revenue growth 
◦
Net New Business
◦
Organic 
Revenue Growth
• Priority 3: Enhance 
operating leverage 
◦
Operating Margin, as 
adjusted(1)
◦
Operating Margin, as 
adjusted, excluding the 
impact of performance fees 
and related 
compensation(1)(2)
◦
Organic Revenue less 
Controllable Expense 
Growth(1)(3)
Business 
Strength
• Deliver on commitments to clients (e.g., investment performance and protecting 
client interests)
• Grow with our clients' needs 
• Innovate how we serve clients
• Lead in a changing world (e.g., thought leadership and stewardship of better financial 
futures across the globe)
Organizational 
Strength
 
• Leadership development (e.g., attracting, developing and retaining talent, and continuing to 
fortify executive succession plans)
• Talent & Culture (e.g., employee engagement, wellness and connectivity to the 
BlackRock Principles)
• Organizational effectiveness (e.g., performance and achievements relating to the strength 
of BlackRock’s internal corporate and operating platforms and corporate sustainability)
(1)
See Annex A for further information on as adjusted items and reconciliations to GAAP.
(2)
Operating Margin, as adjusted, excluding the impact of performance fees and related compensation, provides further insight into 
the Company’s operating leverage and is intended to enhance comparability across time periods by excluding the impact of 
episodic performance fees and related compensation.
(3)
Organic Revenue less Controllable Expense Growth is defined as Organic Revenue Growth (as defined on page 70) less growth in 
certain expenses that the Company views as controllable, which primarily consist of general and administration expense and the 
non-incentive portion of compensation and benefits. This metric is intended to provide insight into the Company’s ability to 
enhance operating leverage by growing organic revenues at or faster than controllable expenses.
ASSESSMENT/TOTAL INCENTIVE AWARD GROWTH OUTCOME 
(% change from the prior year’s awards)(1)
Does not achieve
Partially meets
Meets/Exceeds
Far exceeds
 -100% to -40%
 -40% to -10%
 -10% to +10%
 +10% to +35%
(1)
2025 Total Incentive Award is calculated using 2024 Total Incentive Award outcomes multiplied by the applicable Total Incentive 
Award growth outcome percentage.
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
61
50%
25%
25%

=== PAGE 68 ===
MDCC’S USE AND RATIONALE OF CONTEXT-INFORMED JUDGMENT WITHIN OUR ANNUAL 
NEO FRAMEWORK
The MDCC’s structured use of context-informed judgment, in addition to quantitative metrics, in assessing NEO 
performance and determining Total Incentive Awards growth (the “Framework”) is a deliberate governance design 
choice tailored to BlackRock’s business and our management development and compensation priorities. This 
Framework is a core component of the broader executive compensation program and has supported disciplined, 
performance-aligned NEO pay outcomes over the long-term. Because our compensation structure is heavily weighted 
toward long-term, performance-based incentives, this Framework provides balance that enables the MDCC to exercise 
an informed view of annual leadership performance while reinforcing alignment with BlackRock’s and its clients’ focus 
on the long-term, which we believe better enables it to deliver durable returns for shareholders.
Rationale for Context-Informed Judgment in Assessing NEO Performance
BlackRock operates in global capital markets where financial results are inherently less predictable and directly 
controllable over the short-term. In particular:
• Annual results are highly exposed to changes in external factors beyond management’s control (including 
shifts in global capital market conditions, client risk sentiment, and regulatory or geopolitical volatility).
• These shifts emerge, evolve, interact and dissipate at different points during a year in ways that make each 
fiscal year a unique landscape of opportunities, constraints and risks.  
In this environment, short-term financial targets set at the beginning of a fiscal year, while offering an illusion of 
objectivity and precision, are inherently less reliable benchmarks of leadership performance and may undermine, 
rather than strengthen, our overall pay-for-performance alignment.
• A reliance on mechanical, pre-programmed annual assumptions or formulas would risk incentivizing and 
rewarding leadership behaviors that are misaligned with the long-term lens of BlackRock and its clients. 
• For example, a pre-established, formulaic bonus risks over-incentivizing annual growth results that may be 
a product of short-term financial optimization or favorable external market conditions, rather than 
requiring skillful leadership decisions that strengthen the long-term positioning of the Company.
Context-informed judgment, in contrast, enables the MDCC to more meaningfully assess leadership 
performance over the course of the year.  What constitutes exceptional leadership, skillful prioritization in 
response to evolving external conditions, and effective advancement of strategic priorities is best assessed by the 
MDCC retrospectively in light of the multi-factor context in which such leadership decisions were made. 
Accordingly, the Committee has long considered context-informed judgment applied through a structured and 
balanced scorecard to be a critical component of BlackRock’s performance management and compensation. This 
approach:
• Reflects the MDCC’s belief that executive leaders influence long-term value creation through decisions and 
actions that do not cleanly map to annual budgets or short-term financial targets.
• Aligns to competitive market practice among large, global and complex banks and asset managers.
• Aligns to business performance management processes used internally by BlackRock leadership.
• Is relevant to BlackRock’s needs and business context now more than ever given the firm’s large acquisitions 
and evolution in business model that support the firm’s long-term growth agenda in the years ahead. 
Executive Compensation
62
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 69 ===
How the Framework Supports Pay-for-Performance and Shareholder Alignment 
The MDCC’s application of context-informed judgment, as balanced and carefully applied within our broader 
executive compensation program, enhances the rigor and quality of BlackRock’s pay-for-performance 
philosophy and outcomes overall. The Framework represents a deliberately structured process that, within the 
broader executive compensation program, serves as a critical bridge linking:
Annual:
 
Objective, Longer-term:
NEO objective-setting and performance evaluations
 
BlackRock strategy for value creation
NEO total incentive growth outcomes
 
Incentive alignment to shareholder value
Application of context-informed judgment
 
 
Compensation program priorities 
The Framework is just one piece of the broader compensation program’s processes and components that, 
collectively, are designed to deliver NEO pay outcomes highly aligned to long-term shareholder interests. In 
practice, the Framework:
• Influences the determination of realized reward value for cash bonuses for the performance year, which 
represent less than 25% of 2025 NEO total annual compensation (TAC).
• Informs the up-front granted values of long-term incentive equity awards, granted early in the following year, 
that represent more than 70% of 2025 NEO TAC. 
◦
The Framework does not determine the ultimate realized value of long-term incentive equity awards, 
including BPIP and the Annual RSU Incentives, because they remain at-risk and subject to stock price 
performance over the applicable vesting period.  
◦
BPIP awards in particular represent more than 50% of 2025 NEO TAC in aggregate, with ultimate realized 
values that are further determined by achievement against pre-established 3-year key financial 
metric targets. 
◦
The two key financial metrics used in BPIP, Organic Revenue Growth and Operating Margin, as adjusted, are 
critical drivers of BlackRock’s long-term shareholder value creation that are embedded in BPIP awards 
using objective, quantified performance targets and a payout matrix disclosed upfront for shareholders. 
(See “BlackRock Performance Incentive Plan (BPIP)” on page 70 for more information.)
In addition, the MDCC applies the Framework in a manner that appropriately reflects varying market and industry 
contexts, furthering the alignment of pay with performance and shareholder interests. 
• Under the Framework, upside Total Incentive Award growth is capped while downside adjustments are 
uncapped, and the MDCC has exercised judgment across the full range of pre-set incentive 
growth outcomes. 
◦
For example, the CEO has been assessed below "Far Exceeds" performance, resulting in incentive growth 
between -31% and +10%, as frequently as he has been assessed at "Far Exceeds", resulting in incentive 
growth between +19% and +35%. 
• Just as it has delivered robust compensation growth in exceptional years such as 2025, the MDCC has used 
the Framework to meaningfully decrease NEO pay in challenging performance contexts. 
◦
Following FY2022, for example, NEO pay determinations through the Framework resulted in a 32% average 
reduction in NEO total incentives. Two of our NEOs (Messrs. Kapito and Kushel) did not match their FY2021 
compensation until this year’s FY2025 determinations, the first year in which BlackRock's average stock 
price meaningfully surpassed highs achieved for shareholders in FY2021.
◦
FY2021 NEO pay determinations provide a further illustration. Although the MDCC awarded robust incentive 
growth to NEOs that year, two-thirds of NEO incentives were delivered in long-term equity, predominantly 
BPIP. The FY2021 year-end BPIP awards ultimately vested at 43% of target in January 2025, further 
underscoring the balance and long-term alignment of the Framework within the broader executive 
compensation program.
This context-informed Framework, complemented by the other features and elements of the broader executive 
compensation program, supports BlackRock and its business, leadership development and compensation 
objectives. The MDCC believes that this approach has produced strong and durable pay-for-performance 
alignment for shareholders, while supporting the retention and development of the firm’s leadership team.  
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
63

=== PAGE 70 ===
SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
Our Board recognizes the importance of executive compensation decisions to our shareholders. The annual say-on-pay 
advisory vote provides our shareholders with the opportunity to: 
• Evaluate our executive compensation philosophy, policies and practices; 
• Evaluate the alignment of the compensation of BlackRock’s NEOs with BlackRock’s results; and 
• Cast an advisory vote to approve the compensation of BlackRock’s NEOs. 
Shareholder engagement is a top priority for BlackRock, and we value direct feedback on our executive compensation 
program. At the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, 67% of votes were cast in support of our executive 
compensation policies, practices, and determinations. While this represented a modest improvement from 2024, the 
MDCC was disappointed with the outcome.
In response, and consistent with our approach in the prior year, we continued our expanded and more focused 
shareholder engagement efforts in 2025. This included outreach to stewardship teams and investors at our 50 largest 
shareholders, representing approximately 65% of shares outstanding, and more than 20 engagements overall, 
representing more than one-third of shares outstanding. Select engagements included participation by the Chair of the 
MDCC, William Ford.
While the MDCC understands that the 32% of votes cast against our executive pay in 2025 is itself an expression of 
shareholder sentiment, we did not hear significant objections to the core executive compensation program or NEO 
outcomes from our engagements with shareholders. Shareholders’ feedback and sentiment informed the MDCC’s 
ongoing oversight of, and decision-making regarding, BlackRock’s executive compensation approach for 2025.
HISTORICAL BLACKROCK SAY-ON-PAY RESULTS
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2025 SAY-ON-PAY RESPONSE
During our 2025 shareholder outreach, we engaged with investors on executive compensation, with a particular focus 
on incentive design, NEO performance and incentive determination framework governance. These conversations 
reflected thoughtful and constructive dialogue around BlackRock’s differentiated business model, long-term strategic 
priorities, and the alignment between strategy, performance, and executive compensation philosophy and outcomes.
Overall, shareholders recognized the strength of BlackRock’s pay-for-performance compensation approach and 
communicated an evolved understanding of its features and outcomes following recent years of focused engagement 
and evolved disclosure. Conditioned on continued pay-for-performance alignment, investors continued to express 
comfort with the MDCC’s use of context-informed judgment while also seeking further insight and clear, transparent 
disclosure around its use and the MDCC’s rationale around it. While shareholders brought varying opinions and levels 
of perspective to these engagements, nearly all ultimately expressed comfort and greater understanding with our 
executive compensation program after robust discussion and broad alignment in the priorities that they and the MDCC 
share for outcomes of the program (as shown in the “Compensation Program Priorities” on page 67 and further described 
by our MDCC Chair in the “Annual Message from the Chair of the Management Development & Compensation 
Committee” on page 52). 
The MDCC carefully considered this feedback as part of its ongoing oversight of the executive compensation program. 
The following section summarizes the key themes raised during our 2025 shareholder engagement season, outlines 
our perspective and explains how the Committee has further reflected learnings from these engagements in our 2025 
NEO compensation outcomes and disclosure. 
Executive Compensation
64
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
91%
89%
94%
95%
59%
90%
96%
93%
92%
67%

=== PAGE 71 ===
SHAREHOLDER AREAS OF FOCUS, FEEDBACK, AND MDCC RESPONSE
Below is a summary of the most significant topics of focus received from shareholders over the past year, as well as summaries of the MDCC’s 
perspectives and response relating to these topics:
Comfort with the use of context-informed judgment in Annual NEO Total Incentive and Performance Determination Framework 
•
Many shareholders sought to further understand the MDCC’s application of context-informed judgment in our executive 
compensation program.
•
While many shareholders noted that NEO pay outcomes determined with context-informed judgment warrant careful monitoring, they 
expressed comfort with the Framework given the long-term track record of outcomes that align BlackRock's performance and 
shareholder interests.
•
Most shareholders agreed that the current structure is working effectively and that the Committee should continue to use context-
informed judgment to oversee and administer the Framework in a manner it believes maintains alignment between NEO pay outcomes 
and performance.
•
We believe context-informed judgment, which applies a disciplined evaluation of performance within a structured framework, more 
accurately describes the MDCC's process and is more rigorous than the simple exercise of what some shareholders referred to as 
“discretion.”
•
We have provided additional perspective around the Committee’s use of context-informed judgment on pages 62-63 with the intention 
of explaining the framework to all shareholders.
•
The MDCC evaluates the efficacy of the executive compensation program, including its use of context-informed judgment, using the 
management development and compensation program priorities (see page 67). Delivering pay-for-performance outcomes aligned 
with long-term shareholder interests is at the core of these priorities. 
•
Along with our shareholders, we believe the structure is working; see pages 59-63 for our full perspectives and demonstration.
How is the current structure fit for best meeting the MDCC’s priorities and shareholders’ interests?  
•
Context-informed judgment is our preferred method to best evaluate and differentiate our leaders’ performance, and serves as a key 
component of our balanced pay-for-performance approach.
◦
Our broader compensation approach emphasizes equity and performance-based incentives driving a high degree of long-term 
pay-for-performance alignment. 
•
See pages 62-63 for further disclosure into how the thoughtful use of context-informed judgment benefits the company and its 
shareholders (e.g., leading to balanced, holistic and more rigorously aligned outcomes).
Would you consider using and disclosing metric-by-metric weights or annual quantitative targets as further structure in your Annual 
NEO Framework? 
•
We disclose the annual “measures” approved early each year for the Framework, which are positioned by three weighted 
performance categories (see page 61). As disclosed, financial performance receives the most weight and includes a balanced set of 
common, industry-aligned metrics and growth results (including, where relevant, multi-year and relative results). We believe this 
approach provides the Committee with the optimal degree of structure to guide the application of its judgment in leading to NEO 
pay outcomes that succeed against our executive compensation priorities. 
•
Given BlackRock’s business context and perspectives around pay-for-performance (as described on pages 62-63), designs using 
formulas or further pre-set weightings would ultimately undermine, rather than strengthen, our overall pay-for-
performance alignment.
•
We believe the Framework enables accurate and effective measurement of NEO performance, leading to strong pay-for-
performance, including material decreases to NEO pay in challenging periods.
Alignment with compensation priorities
•
Discussions with most shareholders included the features and alignment of BlackRock’s broader executive compensation program. 
•
Shareholders acknowledged and appreciated the program’s demonstrated track record of NEO pay outcomes aligned to long-term 
performance and other compensation priorities.
•
Pay-for-performance is the cornerstone of BlackRock’s compensation philosophy; in practice, our use of context-informed judgment 
represents a limited component of the overall performance assessments and incentive determinations (see pages 62-63).
•
This year, we increased our pay emphasis on equity, especially BPIP.
•
We emphasized alignment in our disclosure, enhancing the proxy to provide further insights into our program and determinations.
•
We invite shareholders to closely review our CD&A, evaluate the MDCC’s executive compensation program’s design, priorities and 
outcomes and share their feedback and perspectives.
How are shareholders’ interests prioritized by the compensation program?
•
Shareholders continued to support BlackRock’s emphasis on long-term incentives and pay-for-performance priorities.
•
We share our investors’ enthusiasm for an appropriate emphasis on long-term, at-risk pay and equity alignment.  
•
We further emphasized long-term equity incentives in 2025 NEO pay. 
◦
75% of NEO total incentives were delivered in long-term equity, including 53% in BPIP, both of which represent a higher-than-
ever mix. 
– BPIP is a fully formulaic, performance-anchored incentive that is clearly disclosed following grant (see page 70).
◦
In turn, we deemphasized the Annual Cash Bonus, which was held flat for the CEO, and only modestly increased for the President 
(reflecting nearly 30% below each’s high watermarks in 2021).
•
Furthering alignment to shareholder interests, we increased and expanded executive stock ownership expectations (see page 91). 
Shareholder Feedback and Questions 
 
MDCC Perspective and Response (Summary)
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
65

=== PAGE 72 ===
How does the program support the MDCC’s broader priorities for leadership behaviors?
•
Our program delivers durable pay-for-performance alignment for shareholders, while supporting leadership actions aligned to the 
long-term lens of BlackRock and its clients.
•
Context-informed judgment better enables leadership contribution assessments and promotes the right leadership behaviors and 
culture that mobilize the full firm in alignment with BlackRock Principles.
•
Our balance of qualitative and quantitative factors makes our performance assessment more complex, but also prudently robust.
•
How does it support MDCC’s management development priorities, including attracting and retaining industry-leading executive talent?
•
Shareholders overwhelmingly cited support for the firm’s delivery of strategic advancement and shareholder value under the direction of 
Mr. Fink.
•
Our pay-for-performance framework supports continuity among high-performing leaders, reflected in long-standing retention of a 
best-in-class team, with 2025 NEOs averaging over 30 years of service. 
•
This continuity reflects leaders’ development alongside the firm’s growth and underpins connectivity across the firm, effective 
succession planning, and a sustained track record of shareholder value creation.
Support for NEO carried interest incentives
•
Shareholders understood the strategic rationale for introducing a carried interest incentive for the CEO, particularly given BlackRock’s 
long-term focus on private markets growth. 
•
Discussions focused on how carried interest aligns with BlackRock’s long-term strategy and shareholder interests.
•
Carry strengthens alignment between executive compensation and BlackRock’s long-term private markets growth strategy (see 
“CEO Carry Incentive” on page 69 of the 2025 Proxy Statement). 
•
We proactively engaged with shareholders to gather feedback on the strategic rationale and design of carried interest incentives, 
which was met with general support. 
•
Building on this feedback, we engaged shareholders on the thoughtful expansion of similar incentives to select senior leaders whose 
roles support BlackRock’s private markets growth strategy.
Given the rationale for CEO Carry, should carried interest incentives be considered for the broader executive team?
•
The CEO was prioritized for a carried interest incentive based on his outsized role and focus on advancing BlackRock’s private 
markets strategy (see “CEO Carry Incentive” on page 69 of the 2025 Proxy Statement).
•
In 2025, we defined eligibility criteria and participation standards to support a measured expansion of carried interest incentives to 
other select senior leaders through the ECP (see page 72). 
•
Two of this year’s NEOs met these criteria, reflecting roles and contributions pivotal to the long-term growth of BlackRock’s private 
markets platform.
•
How does BlackRock ensure that the design of a carried interest incentive program is appropriate and well-governed? 
•
Is the complexity of carried interest warranted?
•
Carried interest provides long-horizon features shareholders view as critical, including the ECP’s extended back-weighted vesting. 
•
We govern the ECP through thoughtful eligibility criteria, disciplined allocations and a design that aligns incentives with long-term 
client outcomes, rather than short-term results.
•
While carried interest can be perceived as inherently more complex than traditional compensation, we recognize it as a uniquely at-
risk performance incentive deeply embedded in the competitive market practice and leadership compensation approaches of 
leading private markets competitors.
•
Unlike other traditional long-term incentives, carried interest directly recognizes the growth and increasing strategic importance of 
BlackRock’s private markets platform and the significance of aligning the long-term interests of our leaders with private 
markets results. 
•
For more information, please refer to our ECP disclosure starting on page 72.
•
How does carried interest align to shareholders’ interests? 
•
Carried interest is 100% at-risk, with no realizable value at grant, and is earned only if private markets investments deliver sustained 
performance for clients and shareholders (see disclosure starting on page 72). 
•
Carried interest outcomes depend on successful fundraising and fund performance that drive organic growth in BlackRock’s 
investment advisory fees, a key driver to long-term shareholder value (see “MDCC Considerations in Developing the CEO Carry 
Incentive” on page 70 of the 2025 Proxy Statement).
•
Carried interest serves as a retentive/motivational tool for leaders critical to executing BlackRock’s private markets strategy, 
increasing the likelihood of sustained fundraising success and organic growth in investment advisory fees, benefiting 
our shareholders. 
 
Shareholder Feedback and Questions 
 
MDCC Perspective and Response (Summary)
Executive Compensation
66
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 73 ===
2. Our Executive Compensation Program and Mechanics
COMPENSATION PROGRAM PRIORITIES
Our executive compensation program is designed to: 
1.
Deliver pay-for-
performance alignment 
that serves shareholders’ 
long-term interests
2.
Reinforce leadership 
behaviors that drive 
shareholder and client-
aligned outcomes  
3.
Attract, retain and 
motivate best-in-class 
executive talent 
• Maintain a durable 
performance measurement and 
compensation determination 
approach that delivers 
appropriate pay outcomes that 
are responsive to external 
operating environments and 
strategic opportunities across 
market cycles.
• Produce performance-aligned 
outcomes in which superior 
results earn higher rewards and 
meaningfully lower 
compensation when 
performance does not meet 
expectations.
• Promote leadership behaviors 
guided by clients’ needs and 
long-term perspective, 
supporting decisions that 
deliver durable shareholder 
outcomes.
• Incentivize leadership actions 
that advance long-term 
shareholder and client 
interests, including prudent 
risk-taking, sound judgment 
and decision-making, 
horizontal collaboration and 
disciplined execution of 
strategy.
• Encourage balanced leadership 
focus across individual, 
business and enterprise results, 
recognizing actions that 
contribute to sustainable value 
creation over relevant time 
horizons.
• Deliver competitive, 
performance-based 
compensation that attracts 
and retains high-performing 
employees with the experience 
and capabilities required to 
execute BlackRock’s 
long-term strategy.
• Align rewards with long-term 
strategic impact and results, 
motivating delivery of durable 
growth and disciplined 
performance over time.
• Support leadership 
development and succession 
planning by reinforcing 
accountability, ownership, and 
long-term orientation across 
the executive team.
Individually and together, these priorities operate in shareholders’ long-term interests and are demonstrated through 
transparent compensation disclosure and NEO pay outcomes that reflect observable alignment with performance, 
leadership decisions, and strategic execution.
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
67

=== PAGE 74 ===
2025 COMPENSATION TIMELINE AND PROCESSES
To advance these priorities, the MDCC structures the timing and process for determining individual NEO 
compensation so that compensation is appropriately aligned with the financial performance of BlackRock. This 
approach also ensures recognition of individual NEO leadership and operating contributions toward achieving our 
overall strategic priorities. 
1.
Review
January - March
 
2.
Evaluate
March - December
• Review annual budget 
and operating goals.
• Engage with 
management in a 
rigorous review and 
approval of annual 
objectives for the CEO, 
President and other 
NEOs, which include 
financial performance 
objectives, business 
strength objectives 
and organizational 
strength objectives.
• Determine BPIP award 
determination matrix 
for new three-year 
performance cycle. 
• Engage with shareholders to proactively solicit feedback on compensation 
programs and incentive designs, discussing key areas of shareholder focus 
and any needed enhancements.
• Review and evaluate overall compensation structure, including peer and 
market compensation trends, Compensation Consultant reports and other 
intelligence, to ensure incentive packages remain appropriately balanced 
and aligned with program objectives.
• Review year-to-date financial performance relative to pre-set goals, peers 
and market context.
• Review progress toward business and organizational objectives.
• Assess the CEO’s performance and, with consideration of the CEO’s 
recommendations, assess the performance of the President and other 
NEOs based on financial performance (50%), business strengths (25%) 
and organizational strengths (25%).
 
 
3.
Approve
December - January of the following year
• Review and approve earned BPIP outcomes, which are determined 
formulaically by achievement of pre-set, three-year financial targets 
(Organic Revenue Growth and Operating Margin, as adjusted) that are key 
drivers of shareholder value creation.
• Review year-end financial and operating performance, with reference to 
goals, peers and market context.
• Determine and approve Total Incentive Award amounts (as a growth 
percentage of total incentive from the previous year) for the CEO, President 
and other NEOs based on holistic performance assessments. Similarly, 
determine fund participation and allocations under the CEO Carry Award 
and Executive Carry Program, as well as participation selection under the 
Executive Carry Program. 
• Ensure the incentive components reflect a commitment to aligning 
pay-with-performance, and award at-risk incentive packages that are 
appropriately balanced and optimized for executive compensation 
program objectives. 
Executive Compensation
68
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 75 ===
TOTAL ANNUAL COMPENSATION ELEMENTS
Total Annual Compensation elements consist of fixed base salary and a balanced set of performance incentives, 
including the Annual Cash Bonus, two long-term equity incentives, and a long-term carried interest incentive for the 
CEO starting from his service in 2024 and select executive leaders starting from their service in 2025.
Element/
How it is Paid
Purpose
Description and Determination
Base Salary
To provide competitive fixed 
compensation based on 
knowledge, skills, experience 
and responsibilities.
Base salary is a relatively small portion of total annual compensation 
for NEOs and other senior-level employees; this approach allows 
BlackRock to effectively manage its fixed expenses.
Base salary levels are reviewed periodically in light of market practices 
and changes in responsibilities.
Total Incentive Awards (Annual Cash Bonus, Annual RSU Incentive and BPIP)
Annual Cash 
Bonus
To reward achievement of 
goals and objectives 
through cash rewards.
Annual Cash Bonus represents on average ~25% of an NEO’s Total 
Incentive Award, as BlackRock’s long-term strategic orientation aligns 
to its emphasis on long-term incentives. 
Cash bonuses are determined against the “NEO Pre-Set Performance 
Scorecard” on page 61.
 
LTI: 
Annual RSU 
Incentive(1)
(Time-vested 
RSUs)
Recognizes the scope of an 
individual employee’s role, 
business expertise and 
leadership skills.
Recognizes prior year 
performance and 
anticipates continued 
performance and long-term 
focus over a multi-year 
period.
Deferral amounts for Annual RSU Incentives generally follow a multi-
step function approach, starting at 15% of the total bonus amount 
and increasing to 70% of the total bonus for any portion of the bonus 
in excess of $10 million. Annual RSU Incentives vest in equal 
installments over the three years following grant.
The MDCC determines the appropriate pay mix between Annual Cash 
Bonus and Annual RSU Incentives for the CEO and President, which 
may differ from the multi-step function approach noted above.
Annual RSU Incentives track the Company’s stock price, directly tying 
the future value of the award to shareholder value creation.
LTI:
BlackRock 
Performance 
Incentive 
Plan (BPIP)(2)
(Performance-
Based RSUs)
Aligns the interests of 
senior-level employees with 
those of shareholders by 
aligning compensation with 
long-term drivers of 
shareholder value.
The performance-based RSUs are settled in a number of shares of 
BlackRock common stock that is determined based on the level of 
attainment of pre-established targets of Organic Revenue Growth and 
Operating Margin, as adjusted, over a three-year performance period.
The maximum number of shares that may be earned under the 
program is equal to 165% of the base number of RSUs granted. 
No shares will be earned in the event of negative Organic Revenue 
Growth and Operating Margin, as adjusted, below a threshold level of 
performance over a three-year performance period. 
Determination of BPIP is fully transparent, objective, and at-risk to 
multi-year performance. The performance-based RSUs settle in the 
form of shares of BlackRock common stock, directly tying the future 
value of the award to shareholder value creation. See “BlackRock 
Performance Incentive Plan (BPIP)” on page 70.
Other Performance-based Long-Term Incentives
LTI: CEO Carry 
Incentive (3) 
 
Carry is intended to further 
align the CEO and select 
executive leaders’ 
compensation to the 
evolution and growth of 
BlackRock’s private markets 
platform and associated 
long-term shareholder 
value, as well as the 
expected corresponding 
expansion of executives’ 
roles and responsibilities in 
supporting the platform.
Potential future Carry Incentive distributions, if any, are 100% at-risk 
based on the ultimate performance (investment returns and 
fundraising) of the participating funds. Any distributions require that 
investment returns of a participating fund exceed pre-specified 
performance hurdles over a defined multi-year term. The Carry 
Incentive does not provide any realizable value at grant; it is aligned to 
future fundraising and fund performance only. Potential future Carry 
Incentive distributions, if any, will be disclosed in the “All Other 
Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table for the 
fiscal year in which they are paid.
CEO Carry Incentive is subject to a three-year ratable vesting schedule 
beginning each year on the applicable annual allocation date.
ECP Carry Incentive is subject to a five-year ratable vesting schedule, 
with 33-1/3% vesting in years 3, 4 and 5 (0% years 0-2), beginning for 
each award on the applicable annual allocation date.
LTI: Executive 
Carry Program 
(ECP) NEW (3)
(1)
For 2025 Annual RSU Incentives, the award value was converted into a number of RSUs by dividing the award value by $1,170.18, 
which represented the average of the high and low prices per share of BlackRock common stock on January 16, 2026. Dividend 
equivalents accumulate during the vesting period and are paid, subject to vesting, following delivery of shares. Expense is 
recognized over the vesting period.
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
69
Long-Term Incentive (LTI)

=== PAGE 76 ===
(2)
For 2025 BPIP awards, the award value was converted into a base number of RSUs by dividing the award value by $1,170.18, 
which represented the average of the high and low prices per share of BlackRock common stock on January 16, 2026. Dividend 
equivalents accumulate during the performance period and are paid after the performance period, subject to vesting, with respect 
to the number of shares that are earned and delivered in settlement of the award. Expense, based on the expected number of 
shares to be delivered, is recognized over the vesting period.
(3)
Carry Incentive will be allocated through an aggregator partnership vehicle holding the right to receive a portion of the Carry 
Incentive distributions generated from each participating private market investment fund.
BLACKROCK PERFORMANCE INCENTIVE PLAN (BPIP)
BlackRock believes in aligning the interests of our senior-level employees, including our NEOs, with those of our 
shareholders and in aligning compensation with long-term performance. The BPIP was designed to further align 
compensation with BlackRock’s framework for long-term shareholder value creation. A portion of each NEO’s incentive 
compensation for 2025 was provided in the form of a BPIP award granted in January 2026. In addition to recognizing 
an NEO’s performance in the prior year, the BPIP awards are intended to promote a focus on driving increased 
performance over a multi-year period. BlackRock is focused on balancing investment to optimize Organic Revenue 
Growth in the most efficient way possible to support shareholder value creation. Accordingly, BPIP awards are granted 
in the form of RSUs that vest based on attainment of specified levels of Organic Revenue Growth and Operating 
Margin, as adjusted, over the three-year performance period. Awards are settled in the form of BlackRock common 
stock. 
Each year, the MDCC approves the BPIP awards and the applicable award determination matrix, following a 
comprehensive review of future performance goals and expectations, potential pay outcomes for employees, 
shareholder input and market trends. BPIP award matrices are intended to be appropriately rigorous and place this 
component of pay at-risk to multi-year performance and value creation, and we believe recent award outcomes 
demonstrate this risk. The most recently vested BPIP award (2022 BPIP for the 2023 - 2025 performance cycle) vested 
at 116.6% of target, with the payouts for the past five BPIP award cycles averaging below target. 
Award
Payout Level (% of Target)
2021 BPIP
43%
2020 BPIP
73.2%
2019 BPIP
112.6%
2018 BPIP
141%
The 2025 BPIP Award Determination Matrix (for the performance period beginning January 1, 2026 and ending on 
December 31, 2028) is outlined below. Additionally, we have included further details on actual performance and payout 
for the 2022 BPIP award, which vested on January 31, 2026 (for the performance period that began January 1, 2023, 
and ended on December 31, 2025). 
BPIP Financial Metrics
BPIP is tied to two key drivers of shareholder value – Organic Revenue Growth and Operating Margin, as adjusted, 
over a three-year performance period – that are directly influenced by BlackRock’s senior-level employees across 
market cycles.
Organic Revenue Growth is a measure of the estimated annual revenue impact of 
BlackRock’s total net new business in a given year, including net new technology services 
revenue, excluding the effect of market appreciation/(depreciation) and foreign exchange. 
The measure is an indicator of the growth in our baseline revenue from client mandates. 
Organic Revenue is not directly correlated with the actual revenue earned in a given year.
Operating Margin, as adjusted, 
is a measure of BlackRock’s 
ability to efficiently manage our 
expense base in the context of 
the revenue we generate.
2025 BPIP AWARD DETERMINATION MATRIX
PERFORMANCE PERIOD (2026-2028)
For the 2025 BPIP awards granted in January 2026, the number of shares of BlackRock common stock that a 
participant ultimately receives upon settlement will be equal to the base number of RSUs granted, multiplied by a 
percentage determined in accordance with the 2025 BPIP Award Determination Matrix below. The percentage will be 
determined by BlackRock’s average annual Organic Revenue Growth and Operating Margin, as adjusted, during the 
three-year performance period; performance between two adjacent points on the matrix will be interpolated. 
Executive Compensation
70
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 77 ===
A summary of the matrix for the 2025 BPIP awards granted in January 2026 is shown below. 
3-yr Average
Annual Operating Margin, as Adjusted
3-yr Average Annual Organic Revenue Growth ($ millions)
<=0 
700
1000
1200
>=1400
>=47.0%
 100% 
 123% 
 133% 
 149% 
 165% 
46.0%
 83% 
 112% 
 122% 
 138% 
 154% 
45.0%
 67% 
 101% 
 111% 
 127% 
 143% 
44.0%
 50% 
 85% 
 100% 
 116% 
 133% 
Target Level
42.0%
 33% 
 68% 
 83% 
 105% 
 122% 
40.0%
 17% 
 51% 
 67% 
 92% 
 111% 
<=38.0%
 0% 
 35% 
 50% 
 75% 
 100% 
If target level performance is achieved (i.e., during the three-year performance period following grant, average annual 
Organic Revenue Growth equals $1,000 million (i.e., $1 billion) and average annual Operating Margin, as adjusted, 
equals 44.0%), then a participant will receive a number of shares equal to 100% of the base number of units granted to 
the participant. 
If, during the three-year performance period following grant, BlackRock has zero or negative average annual Organic 
Revenue Growth and an average annual Operating Margin, as adjusted, of 38.0% or less, then the participant will not 
be entitled to any shares under his or her 2025 BPIP award. 
If maximum level performance is achieved (meaning that during the three-year performance period following grant, 
BlackRock delivered average annual Organic Revenue Growth equal to or greater than $1,400 million (i.e., $1.4 billion) 
and an average annual Operating Margin, as adjusted, equal to or greater than 47.0%), then a participant will receive 
the maximum number of shares. The maximum number of shares a participant may receive under BPIP equals 165% 
of the base number of units. 
2022 BPIP AWARD: ACTUAL PERFORMANCE AND PAYOUT
PERFORMANCE PERIOD (2023-2025) ACTUAL RESULT: 116.6% OF TARGET
For the 2022 BPIP awards granted in January 2023 as part of 2022 NEO incentive compensation, the number of 
shares of BlackRock common stock that a participant received upon settlement was equal to the base number of RSUs 
granted, multiplied by 116.6%, which was determined in accordance with the 2022 BPIP Award Determination Matrix. 
The percentage was determined by BlackRock’s average annual Organic Revenue Growth and Operating Margin, as 
adjusted, during the January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2025 performance period. 
BlackRock achieved above-target level results in the 2023-2025 performance cycle, with three-year average annual 
Organic Revenue Growth of $716 million and Operating Margin, as adjusted, of 43.4%. Accordingly, participants 
received a number of shares equal to 116.6% of the base number of units granted. 
Actual Payout – Example
BPIP Award Value
For Performance Year 2022 and in anticipation of 
continued performance and long-term focus over 
a multi-year period
$1 million
Conversion Price
The average of the high and low prices per share 
of BlackRock common stock on January 17, 2023 
(the grant date)
$743.61 
Base number of units 
granted
Determined by dividing the dollar value of the 
recipient’s award by the conversion price
1,345
($1,000,000/$743.61) 
Actual Performance 
Results(1)
Jan. 1, 2023 to Dec. 31, 2025 (three-year) average 
Organic Revenue growth
$716 million 
(above Target Level of $640 million) 
Jan. 1, 2023 to Dec. 31, 2025 (three-year) average 
Operating Margin, as adjusted(2)
43.4%
(above Target Level of  41.5%) 
Resulting Award Payout (%) Based on Award Determination Matrix
116.6%
Resulting Award Payout 
(number of units)
Base number of units granted x Award Payout (%)
1,568
(1,345 x 116.6%) 
(1)
For further details on the 2022 BPIP awards granted in January 2023, including the full 2022 BPIP Award Determination Matrix, 
please refer to page 62 of BlackRock’s 2023 Proxy Statement. 
(2)
The definition of Operating Margin, as adjusted, used in the determination of the 2022 BPIP award reflects the definition used by 
the Company in 2022 and does not reflect any changes to the definition made thereafter. 
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
71

=== PAGE 78 ===
CEO CARRY INCENTIVE 
As disclosed last year, the MDCC approved an annual carry-based incentive for the CEO. The award aligns Mr. Fink's 
compensation with a key strategic priority—growth in private markets—and reflects the corresponding expansion of his 
executive responsibilities in leading this initiative. 
For 2025, the MDCC approved an allocation of carried interest as part of Mr. Fink’s long-term incentive compensation. 
Consistent with the 2024 approach, this allocation entitles Mr. Fink to receive a percentage of Carry Incentive 
distributions, if any, generated from a composite of BlackRock’s “flagship-type” private markets investment funds that 
conducted fundraising activity in 2025 and were selected for participation. For further details on the CEO Carry 
Incentive, please refer to the disclosure on pages 69 and 70 of BlackRock’s 2025 Proxy Statement. 
EXECUTIVE CARRY PROGRAM (ECP)
BlackRock has utilized carry-based incentive arrangements for certain employees and executives for many years to 
align incentives with the at-risk and long-term nature of private markets economics and investment cycles. 
In January 2026, the MDCC approved the adoption of a carry-based long-term incentive program for select senior 
executives, other than the CEO, referred to as the Executive Carry Program (ECP). The ECP is designed to align the 
long-term interests of senior enterprise leaders with the performance of BlackRock’s private markets investment 
platform and long-term value creation.
PROGRAM RATIONALE
The MDCC believes the ECP strengthens BlackRock’s ability to attract, retain and motivate key senior leaders during a 
period of sustained growth and transformation in private markets. As our private markets platform continues to evolve, 
the ECP provides meaningful incentives that align with our strategy, recognize the expanded scope of executives’ 
responsibilities as the platform grows, and reflect the competitive talent landscapes in which executives serve. 
Delivering the next phase of BlackRock’s strategy through 2030 and beyond requires continued stewardship by leaders 
with enterprise-wide responsibilities and significant influence over private markets growth, integration and 
performance.
The MDCC also believes the ECP reinforces alignment with long-term shareholder value creation. The realization of 
carried interest requires successful fundraising, disciplined capital deployment and strong investment performance, 
which, if achieved, would be expected to support future fundraising activity, organic growth in investment advisory fees 
and the continued expansion of BlackRock’s private markets franchise.
Successful
fundraising
 
Disciplined 
capital
deployment
 
Strong 
investment 
performance
Realization of 
carried interest 
and momentum 
into future 
fundraising activity
 
Support future 
fundraising activity, 
organic growth 
in investment 
advisory fees and 
the continued 
expansion of 
BlackRock’s private 
markets franchise
Alignment with 
long-term 
shareholder 
value creation
Executive Compensation
72
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 79 ===
PROGRAM DESIGN AND KEY TERMS 
Participation in the ECP is limited to senior executives whose leadership, responsibilities and contributions are pivotal 
to the long-term growth and performance of BlackRock’s private markets platform and the firm more broadly. Under the 
ECP, selected senior executives (other than the CEO) may be eligible for awards representing the right to receive a 
percentage of the carry distributions from a pool of BlackRock’s flagship private markets investment funds. Individual 
award allocations are determined annually based on a holistic assessment of role scope, leadership impact, individual 
and business performance, and contribution to enterprise value creation.
Key program features are generally consistent with the CEO Carry Incentive, with the exception of back-weighted 
vesting as noted below:
100% at-risk and tied to 
future performance of 
selected private markets 
funds, aligned with key 
drivers of long-term 
shareholder value creation
Five-year ratable back-
weighted vesting (0% 
vesting in years 0-2, and 
then 33-1/3% vesting in 
years 3-5)
No realizable value 
at grant
All distributions disclosed 
in the Summary 
Compensation Table if 
and when earned and are 
subject to typical 
holdback and clawback 
provisions
Unvested interests are subject to forfeiture upon termination 
of employment, except that (i) upon voluntary termination 
without cause or qualified retirement, vesting will continue for 
two years with any remaining unvested portion forfeited, and (ii) 
in the event of death or disability, vesting will be fully 
accelerated. See page 100 for further details. 
All termination protections (other than a termination 
due to death) are subject to compliance with 
applicable restrictive covenants, including non-
competition, non-solicitation and nondisclosure 
obligations. In addition, awards will be subject to 
BlackRock’s clawback and recoupment policies.
APPROVAL OF 2025 ECP ALLOCATION
In January 2026, the MDCC approved allocations of carried interest under the ECP as part of the 2025 long-term 
incentive compensation program. These allocations included awards to the following NEOs: Mr. Goldstein and 
Mr. Small.
In evaluating ECP allocations, the MDCC considered, among other factors, executives’ enterprise-wide leadership roles, 
influence and impact on BlackRock’s private markets platform and significant contributions to the firm’s strategic 
transactions, including the acquisitions of Global Infrastructure Partners, HPS Investment Partners and Preqin. 
Mr. Goldstein and Mr. Small were recognized for their central roles in the 2025 execution of BlackRock’s 2030 strategy 
and in overseeing the integration, scaling and long-term performance of the private markets franchise. In particular:
• Mr. Goldstein provided leadership and oversight across Equity Private Markets and supported the private markets 
platform through operational and strategic integration efforts related to HPS and Preqin. 
• Mr. Small architected and led the 2025 execution of BlackRock’s 2030 strategy and oversaw capital allocation and 
strategic resource deployment across growth priorities, including private markets.
In determining ECP allocations for 2025, the MDCC considered a range of quantitative and qualitative analyses of 
performance and reward scenarios pursuant to the program. This context informed the MDCC’s determinations of each 
individual allocation — aligning future potential distributions, if any, with the level of impact the participant is 
positioned to provide.
Awards under the ECP are intended to function as long-term, pay-for-performance incentives. Consistent with the CEO 
Carry Incentive, ECP allocations have no intrinsic value at grant and may ultimately result in no realized value. Any 
potential distributions are not guaranteed and are entirely dependent on fund performance, reinforcing a strong 
alignment between executive compensation, client outcomes and long-term value creation.
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
73

=== PAGE 80 ===
ROLE OF THE COMPENSATION CONSULTANT 
In 2025, the MDCC continued to engage Semler Brossy for objective advice on compensation practices and the 
competitive landscape for the compensation of BlackRock’s NEOs. 
Semler Brossy reports directly to the MDCC and interacts with BlackRock management when necessary and 
appropriate. Semler Brossy provides services only to the MDCC as an independent consultant and does not have any 
other consulting engagements with, or provide any other services to, BlackRock. The independence of Semler Brossy 
has been assessed according to factors stipulated by the SEC, and the MDCC concluded that no conflict of interest 
exists that would prevent Semler Brossy from independently advising the MDCC. 
A representative from Semler Brossy meets with the MDCC at Committee meetings and at key points throughout the 
year to provide objective advice to the MDCC on existing and emerging compensation practices among financial 
services companies, as well as companies in the asset management sector. The representative from Semler Brossy also 
meets with the MDCC in executive sessions throughout the year to discuss compensation practices and industry 
pay trends. 
PEER GROUP COMPOSITION 
The MDCC reviews the composition of our peer group to ensure the group continues to serve as an appropriate market 
reference for executive compensation purposes. In considering the composition of our peer group, the MDCC considers 
companies that are in our industry or have similar lines of business, are competitors for our executive talent, are large, 
complex organizations with global reach and/or are similarly sized from a revenue and market capitalization 
perspective. Since the changes made in 2024, our peer group more closely reflects the current scale and breadth of our 
business, in alignment with our strategic emphasis on private markets growth. There were no changes to the peer 
group in 2025.
2025 PEER GROUP PERCENTILE
BlackRock’s Scale vs. 2025 Peer Group, as of December 31, 2025
2025 PEER GROUP
Independent / Captive Asset Managers (n=9)
Alternative Asset Managers (n=3)
Apollo Global Management
Blackstone 
KKR & Co.
Ameriprise Financial
BNY Mellon
Charles Schwab
Franklin Resources
Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley
Northern Trust
State Street
T. Rowe Price Group
Technology-Oriented Financial Services Firms (n=5)
American Express
Fiserv
Mastercard
PayPal
Raymond James
Executive Compensation
74
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
Revenue
AUM
Market 
Capitalization
Net Income
Operating Income 
(as adjusted)
25th Percentile
50th Percentile
75th Percentile
Highest of group
57th
BLK
BLK
BLK
BLK
BLK
69th
76th
74th

=== PAGE 81 ===
COMPETITIVE PAY POSITIONING – MARKET DATA
BlackRock engages Aon, a compensation consultant that specializes in conducting proprietary compensation surveys 
and interpreting compensation trends, using their integrated Radford McLagan Compensation Database. The 
Company has used these surveys to evaluate the competitiveness of its executive compensation programs overall, 
including by functional business and by title, and make comparisons on an individual NEO basis, where survey data 
was available and appropriate. Semler Brossy independently reviewed the results and companies included in the 
surveys. BlackRock does not engage in formal benchmarking in setting executive compensation levels. 
Survey results were analyzed to account for differences in the scale and scope between BlackRock and other 
survey participants. 
Survey participants include both stand-alone, publicly traded asset management companies as well as a broader set of 
privately held or subsidiary asset management organizations for which publicly available compensation data is not 
available. Confidentiality obligations to Aon and to its survey participants prevent BlackRock from disclosing the 
companies included in the surveys. 
The MDCC reviews market data to understand compensation practices and trends in the broader marketplace. 
Individual NEO compensation decisions are primarily based on assessments of individual NEO and 
Company performance. 
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
75

=== PAGE 82 ===
3. 2025 NEO Compensation and Performance Summaries
Linking Pay and Performance
In accordance with our pay-for-performance philosophy, the MDCC conducted a holistic evaluation of NEO 
performance for 2025 against pre-established, weighted performance objectives related to financial goals (50%), 
business strength (25%) and organizational strength (25%), as outlined in “Annual NEO Framework: NEO Pre-Set 
Performance Scorecard Performance Metrics” on page 61.
The MDCC determined that 2025 performance results far exceeded the MDCC’s expectations, resulting in a “Far 
Exceeds” rating for all NEOs.
UNDERSTANDING A “FAR EXCEEDS” RATING 
 A “Far Exceeds” rating is reserved for years in which performance materially surpasses the MDCC’s expectations 
across multiple measures and demonstrates both exceptional leadership execution and meaningful long-term impact 
(versus strong, but expected, results).
A “Far Exceeds” rating reflects the MDCC’s conclusion that:
• Performance results significantly exceeded expectations across KPIs when objectives were set at the beginning of 
the year;
• Performance results were achieved in a manner consistent with BlackRock’s culture and supportive of our long-term 
strategy; and 
• Leadership actions strengthened the firm’s trajectory beyond the current performance cycle.
The following individualized NEO performance assessments helped inform the MDCC’s determination of 2025 
pay outcomes. 
Executive Compensation
76
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 83 ===
Laurence D. Fink Chairman and CEO
RESPONSIBILITIES:
As CEO, Mr. Fink guides and oversees BlackRock’s 
long-term strategic direction to deliver value for 
clients and shareholders.
He is responsible for senior leadership 
development and succession planning, defining 
and reinforcing BlackRock’s mission and culture, 
and engaging with key strategic clients, industry 
leaders, regulators and policymakers.
2025 Compensation
(Thousands)
Base Salary
$1,500
Annual Cash Bonus
$10,568
Annual RSU Incentive
$8,433
BPIP award
$24,500
Total Incentive Awards
$43,500
Total Annual Compensation
$45,000
The MDCC’s assessment of Mr. Fink’s performance relative to his 2025 responsibilities and objectives resulted in 
a Far Exceeds determination.
Based on its assessment, the MDCC set Mr. Fink’s Total Incentive Award outcome at $43.5 million, or a 24% 
increase to his 2024 Total Incentive Award. In determining this outcome, the MDCC acknowledged Mr. Fink’s 
extraordinary efforts in 2025 in which he far exceeded expectations in terms of his role in both the Company's 
financial strength and the success of organizational / strategic transformations. Similar to last year’s award, the 
2025 CEO Carry Incentive was allocated to better align CEO pay to the private markets-driven evolution in 
BlackRock’s business strategy and Mr. Fink’s role, and recognized his contributions to the private markets 
platform. More details on the annual CEO Carry Incentive can be found on page 72.
Overall Assessment: Far Exceeds Expectations
COMPENSATION SCORECARD
Financial 
Performance
50%
Assessment
• Under Mr. Fink’s leadership, BlackRock delivered exceptional financial performance in 2025, 
marking one of the strongest operating years in the Company’s history. The firm achieved record 
net inflows, operating income, as adjusted, and share price during the year.
• BlackRock generated $698 billion of net inflows which drove record $1.6 billion organic revenue 
growth — the firm’s highest growth on a percentage basis since 2021, achieved from a higher-
than ever revenue and AUM base (AUM closed the year above $14 trillion AUM, up from $11.6 
trillion in 2024). 
• Coupled with disciplined expense management, these results delivered another year of robust 
annual earnings growth and operating leverage: operating income, as adjusted, increased 18% 
to $9.6 billion and diluted EPS grew 10%. 
• While BlackRock’s share price declined from all-time highs in the final two months of the year 
amidst broader market volatility, the firm’s differentiated financial performance supported 
strong shareholder value creation, including an all-time high share price in 2025, and 3-year and 
5-year Total Shareholder Returns of 62% and 67%, respectively. 
Performance Category
Performance Highlights
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
77
FAR EXCEEDS

=== PAGE 84 ===
BLACKROCK PERFORMANCE
Measures
2024
2025
Growth
Drive profitable 
growth
NTM P/E Multiple(1)
21x
20x
Total Shareholder Return(2)
29%
7%
3YR
21%
62%
5YR
131%
67%
Diluted EPS, as adjusted ($)(3) 
YoY% 
$43.61
$48.09
10%
Adj. Operating Income ($b)(3) 
YoY% 
$8.1
$9.6
18%
Accelerate 
organic revenue 
growth
Net New Business ($b)(4)
% OAG
$654 
Growth
$698 
Growth
6%
3YR Avg.(4) (reference)
$440
5%
5YR Avg.(4) (reference)
$420
5%
Organic Revenue Growth ($m)(5)
% ORG
$747 
Growth
$1,646 
Growth
10%
3YR Avg. (reference)
$340
6%
5YR Avg. (reference)
$655
6%
Enhance 
operating 
leverage
Adj. Op Margin (%)(3) 
YoY bps
44.5%
44.1%
(40)bps
Excluding the impact of performance fees and related compensation, operating 
margin, as adjusted, increased relative to 2024
Organic Revenue less 
Controllable Expense Growth(6)
>1%
>3%
Performance Category
Performance Highlights
Shareholder Value Data
BlackRock
Traditional Peers(7)
Alternative Asset 
Manager Peers
S&P 500
NTM P/E Multiple(1)
20x
10x
20x
22x
Total Shareholder Return(2) (1-year)
7%
29%
(6)%
18%
Total Shareholder Return(2) (3-year)
62%
42%
131%
86%
Total Shareholder Return(2) (5-year)
67%
70%
186%
96%
(1)
NTM P/E multiple refers to the Company’s stock price as of December 31, 2025, divided by the consensus estimate of the 
Company’s expected earnings over the next 12 months. Sourced from FactSet. 
(2)
Total Shareholder Return (or “TSR”) is defined as the change in stock price plus reinvested dividends, measured through 
December 31, 2025.
(3)
Amounts are shown on an “as adjusted” basis. For a reconciliation with GAAP, please see Annex A. 
(4)
Beginning in the first quarter of 2025, BlackRock updated the presentation of net flows to separately disclose realizations, which 
represent return of capital/return of investments. Historical periods have been adjusted to exclude realizations. 
(5)
Organic Revenue Growth is a measure of the estimated annual revenue impact of BlackRock’s total net new business in a given 
year, including net new technology services revenue, excluding the effect of market appreciation/(depreciation) and foreign 
exchange. Organic Revenue is not directly correlated with the actual revenue earned in a given year.
(6)
Organic Revenue less Controllable Expense Growth is defined as Organic Revenue Growth (as defined above) less growth in 
certain expenses that the Company views as controllable, which primarily consist of general and administration expense and the 
non-incentive portion of compensation and benefits. This metric is intended to provide insight into the Company’s ability to 
enhance operating leverage by growing organic revenues at or faster than controllable expenses. 
(7)
Traditional Peers refers to public company asset managers: Alliance Bernstein, Affiliated Managers Group, Franklin Resources, 
Invesco and T. Rowe Price.
Executive Compensation
78
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 85 ===
Performance Category
Performance Highlights
Business 
Strength
25%
Assessment
Deliver on our commitments to clients
• Directly guided the expansion and modernization of BlackRock’s private market asset and data 
ecosystem, integrating the firm’s pivotal acquisitions, accelerating joint commercialization and 
accelerating the firm’s rebalancing toward higher-growth and more durable revenue streams, 
with private markets and technology representing approximately 25% of total revenue.
• Continued to fortify BlackRock’s long-term leadership in ETFs for clients, achieving record ETF 
net inflows of $527 billion, generating 12% organic asset growth and securing the top share of 
industry flows. 
• Continued to direct emphasis on the Aladdin client experience, where the firm achieved greater 
platform resilience (including near-perfect Aladdin availability) and continued expansion in 
clients’ adoption of multi-product mandates (including several flagship mandates that helped 
drive firm revenue growth).
Grow with our clients’ needs
• Advanced BlackRock’s private markets strategy, establishing the firm as a top-five alternatives 
manager globally with $676 billion in AUM following the closing of the HPS acquisition, 
significantly enhancing the firm’s scale, durability, and long-term growth targets in the space.
• Accelerated growth across BlackRock’s models and target date businesses, spearheading several 
of the firm’s most significant fundraising successes.
Innovate how we serve clients
• Bolstered BlackRock’s industry-leading whole portfolio capabilities by unifying key investment 
and technology platforms and securing landmark mandates, reinforcing BlackRock’s leadership 
in scaled outsourcing and integrated portfolio solutions.
• Reinforced a mandate for innovation and product leadership for clients across the firm, resulting 
in BlackRock launching or converting more than 300 products in 2025 while expanding its digital 
asset offerings and delivering new investment solutions.
Lead in a changing world
• Expanded global brand presence through major iShares campaigns and entry into new growth 
markets, including India (Jio BlackRock AMC) and Taiwan ETFs, elevating the BlackRock 
brand worldwide.
• Advanced next-generation infrastructure and AI-related investment partnerships that address 
client demand for data center and energy infrastructure solutions.
• Strengthened and scaled the firm’s public policy engagement model, resulting in 2,500 global 
policymaker engagements with increased participation by BlackRock’s senior leaders (15+trips). 
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
79
FAR EXCEEDS

=== PAGE 86 ===
Performance Category
Performance Highlights
Organizational 
Strength
25%
Assessment
Leadership development
• In partnership with Mr. Kapito, further evolved management development and succession 
planning, achieving above-target succession readiness across GEC and key Managing Director 
roles to further strategically reinforce leadership strength and continuity. 
• Elevated and organized BlackRock’s senior-most enterprise leaders (including an additional 20 
leaders to the GEC), bolstering global leadership operating collaboration and consistency. 
• Similarly, cascaded such efforts deeper into the organization and across the firm’s offices 
globally including developing an enhanced, scalable leadership pipeline and development 
programs implemented to support the firm’s long-term growth and enterprise risk management.
Talent and culture
• Reinforced BlackRock’s culture through firm-wide leadership forums and communications, 
driving year-over-year improvement in employee survey scores related to culture and belonging.
• Advanced multiyear talent initiatives focused on strengthening leadership effectiveness, 
including the inaugural “Managing at BlackRock” program exceeding enrollment targets (>1,000 
people managers).
• Expanded employee well-being and mental health programs, including more than 700 Mental 
Health Ambassadors and a 30% year-over-year increase in employee assistance 
program utilization.
Organizational effectiveness
• In partnership with Mr. Kapito, successfully integrated talent and operations from acquisitions 
(GIP, HPS, Preqin and ElmTree) while maintaining organizational stability and client execution 
through significant structural change.
• Advanced multiyear operating plans, including expansion of the iHub footprint and optimization 
of managerial spans and layers to support a scalable global platform.
Executive Compensation
80
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
FAR EXCEEDS

=== PAGE 87 ===
Robert S. Kapito President
RESPONSIBILITIES:
As President, Mr. Kapito is responsible for day-
to-day oversight of all of BlackRock’s key 
operating units including Investment 
Strategies, Client Businesses, Technology & 
Operations, and Risk & Quantitative Analysis.
He ensures connectivity and coordination of 
operating processes across the organization, 
which extends to his role as a Director on 
BlackRock’s Board. 
2025 Compensation
(Thousands)
Base Salary
$1,250
Annual Cash Bonus
$7,000
Annual RSU Incentive
$6,000
BPIP award
$16,750
Total Incentive Awards
$29,750
Total Annual Compensation
$31,000
He is also responsible for initiatives to drive active investment performance and results across each of 
BlackRock’s platforms.
The MDCC’s assessment of Mr. Kapito’s performance relative to his 2025 responsibilities and objectives resulted 
in a Far Exceeds determination.
Based on its assessment, the MDCC set Mr. Kapito’s Total Incentive Award outcome at $29.75 million, or a 25% 
increase to his 2024 Total Incentive Award.
Overall Assessment: Far Exceeds Expectations
COMPENSATION SCORECARD
Performance Category
Performance Highlights
Financial 
Performance
50%
Assessment
• Under Mr. Kapito’s leadership of BlackRock’s distribution platform, the firm generated $698 
billion of client net inflows, diversified across client types, products and regions.
• Client inflows under Mr. Kapito’s purview drove 10% organic revenue growth, resulting in a 
record ~$1.6 billion in new organic revenue and contributing to an all-time high revenue of $24.2 
billion. 
• Supported firm-wide operating leverage and expense discipline, contributing to double-digit 
operating income growth.
• Oversaw BlackRock’s liquid active investment platform, delivering improved investment 
performance and contributing to $1.4 billion in total performance fees. 
BlackRock Performance
Measures
2024
2025
Net New Base Fee Growth
7%
9%
Operating Income, as adjusted(1) ($ millions)
$8.1
$9.6
Operating Margin, as adjusted(1)
44.5%
44.1%
(1)
Amounts are shown on an “as adjusted” basis. For a reconciliation with GAAP, please see Annex A.
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
81
FAR EXCEEDS

=== PAGE 88 ===
Performance Category
Performance Highlights
Business 
Strength
25%
Assessment
Deliver on our commitments to clients
• Oversaw the delivery of improved investment performance within the firm’s investment platform 
for clients, including liquid active strategies and above-target private markets performance. 
• Led Global Product Solutions (GPS), BlackRock Global Markets (BGM), and Portfolio 
Management Group (PMG) platforms to strong commercial and investment outcomes, including 
record iShares inflows, exceeding organic growth and revenue targets in BGM, and outpacing 
industry growth across systematic and multi-asset strategies.
• Under Mr. Kapito’s leadership, the firm’s active investment platform kept alpha at the heart of 
BlackRock, delivering strong long-term performance for clients with actively managed AUM 
above all respective benchmarks for the trailing 3- and 5-year periods.
Actively managed AUM above benchmark or peer median
1-Yr
3-Yr
5-Yr
Taxable Fixed Income
76%
86%
82%
Tax-Exempt Fixed Income
46%
53%
62%
Fundamental Equity
40%
71%
46%
Systematic Equity
78%
95%
94%
• Strong active investment performance coupled with Mr. Kapito’s effective client relationships, 
resulted in achieving annual active net inflows of $136 billion, reflecting expansion of the active 
platform and sustained client demand for the firm’s active investment capabilities.
• Similarly, in partnership with Mr. Fink, oversaw BlackRock’s index investment performance that 
ended the year with over 96% and 99% of the firm’s Index Equity and Fixed Income assets within 
index tracking tolerance across 3- and 5-year horizons, respectively.
Grow with our clients’ needs
• In partnership with senior leaders, successfully integrated acquisitions of GIP, HPS and Preqin, 
generating strong commercial momentum through joint initiatives and new business builds and 
expanding BlackRock’s capabilities across insurance, wealth, and institutional channels. 
• In partnership with Mr. Kushel, accelerated active ETF growth through targeted product 
development and expanded use of models and solutions platforms.
• Continued development of local capital markets capabilities in the Middle East, including the 
build out of the mortgage market in Saudi Arabia and other investment solutions to drive $1B in 
revenue by 2030. 
Innovate how we serve clients
• In partnership with Stephen Cohen, Chief Product Officer, accelerated product innovation across 
GPS platform with over 300 new launches and conversions and 20% net new base fees from 
ETFs launched within the past two years. 
Lead in a changing world
• In partnership with Mr. Fink, led global engagements with clients, policymakers and industry 
leaders to provide differentiated thought leadership and enhanced the firm’s ability to anticipate 
and respond to evolving client investment needs.
• Expanded public policy engagement model, resulting in 2,500 global policymaker engagements 
and increased participation by BlackRock’s senior-most leaders.
Executive Compensation
82
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
FAR EXCEEDS

=== PAGE 89 ===
Performance Category
Performance Highlights
Organizational 
Strength
25%
Assessment
Leadership development
• Played a central role in elevating and organizing BlackRock’s senior-most enterprise leaders 
(including an additional 20 leaders elevated to the Global Executive Committee), bolstering 
global leadership operating collaboration and consistency. 
• In partnership with Mr. Fink, further evolved management development and succession 
planning, achieving above-target succession readiness across the GEC and key Managing 
Directors, reinforcing leadership continuity and mitigating key-person dependency.  
• Under Mr. Kapito’s leadership as a culture carrier of BlackRock’s Principles and its purpose of 
helping more and more people experience financial well-being, BlackRock ranked #1 among 
Securities and Asset Management companies in Fortune’s 2026 “Most Admired Companies” 
rankings and 22nd among all companies. 
Talent and culture
• In partnership with Mr. Fink, reinforced BlackRock’s culture through firm-wide leadership forums 
and communications, driving year-over-year improvement in employee opinion survey scores 
related to culture and belonging.
• Visited 20+ BlackRock offices around the world and supported the further expansion of the 
BlackRock footprint, to now include 154 offices in 88 cities.
• In partnership with Mr. Goldstein, sponsored and led key talent programs (including the 
“Recognized by Rob2” program) and supported the growth and development of employee 
networks and engagement, enablement and belonging initiatives, reinforcing BlackRock’s 
culture and Principles across the firm.
Organizational effectiveness 
• In partnership with Mr. Fink, successfully integrated talent and operations from acquisitions 
(GIP, HPS, Preqin and ElmTree) while maintaining organizational stability and client execution 
through significant structural change.
• Co-led major organizational, leadership and platform enhancements across all pillars of PMG, 
significantly strengthening collaboration, stewardship and execution discipline at scale.
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
83
FAR EXCEEDS

=== PAGE 90 ===
Robert L. Goldstein COO
RESPONSIBILITIES:
As COO, Mr. Goldstein oversees the day-to-day 
global business of the firm and ensures that 
the organization, including its investment, 
client, risk and technology functions, has the 
necessary connectivity, coordination and 
operating processes in place to succeed. This 
includes overseeing Aladdin and the firm’s 
operating and technology platforms.
2025 Compensation
(Thousands)
Base Salary
$750
Annual Cash Bonus
$5,002
Annual RSU Incentive
$5,088
BPIP award
$8,500
Total Incentive Awards
$18,590
Total Annual Compensation
$19,340
Mr. Goldstein is a member of BlackRock’s GEC and the co-chair, along with Mr. Small, of the BlackRock Global 
Operating Committee. He also co-chairs, along with Mr. Small, the Planning, Budgeting and Alignment (“PBA”) 
Committee, which makes recommendations regarding the Company’s budget and evaluates new initiatives aimed 
at driving growth and achieving strategic objectives.
The MDCC’s assessment of Mr. Goldstein’s performance relative to his 2025 responsibilities and objectives 
resulted in a Far Exceeds determination. 
Based on its assessment, the MDCC set Mr. Goldstein’s Total Incentive Award outcome at $18.59 million, or a 35% 
increase to his 2024 Total Incentive Award. This decision demonstrates Mr. Goldstein’s accomplishments this year 
including being a key leader in driving BlackRock’s strategy and operational excellence, as well as being an 
exceptionally visible and collaborative culture carrier who excels at mentoring others. In recognition of these 
contributions to BlackRock, as well as his leadership in the private markets driven evolution of BlackRock’s 
business strategy, Mr. Goldstein received an award pursuant to the Executive Carry Program. More details on the 
Executive Carry Program can be found on page 72.
Overall Assessment: Far Exceeds Expectations
COMPENSATION SCORECARD
Performance Category
Performance Highlights
Financial 
Performance
50%
Assessment
 
• Under Mr. Goldstein’s leadership as COO, BlackRock delivered record revenue of over $24.2 
billion, a 19% increase from 2024, and record AUM of more than $14 trillion, a 22% increase 
from 2024, marking one of the strongest operating years in BlackRock’s history.
• Partnered with Mr. Kapito and Mr. Small to lead the day to day management of BlackRock’s 
platforms, driving scale and disciplined expense management and contributing to 18% 
operating income growth, 10% organic revenue growth (achieved efficiently and outpacing 
growth in controllable expenses), and an operating margin, as adjusted, of 44.1%.
• Led disciplined capital and headcount allocation, including investments in key strategic 
initiatives that advanced BlackRock’s 2030 strategy through organic and inorganic builds, 
driving $698 billion of net inflows and a record $1.6 billion in new organic revenue.
• Oversaw the firm’s technology services business that delivered 16% organic growth in ACV. 
Executive Compensation
84
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
FAR EXCEEDS

=== PAGE 91 ===
Performance Category
Performance Highlights
Business 
Strength
25%
Assessment
• Partnered with Mr. Small to architect the firm’s 2030 strategy and drive execution in 2025 across 
businesses, embedding metrics-based management and aligning capital and talent to priority 
growth areas, with AI at the center, contributing to strong, broad-based organic revenue growth.  
• Oversaw capital and headcount deployment tied to strategic initiatives, supporting organic 
growth across public and private markets, including advances in insurance, digital assets, Citi 
wealth OCIO, JioBlackRock in India, and more.
• Partnered with Mr. Small to lead the transformation of BlackRock’s private markets platform 
through the acquisitions of GIP, HPS, and Preqin – making BlackRock a top 5 alternatives 
manager and creating the industry’s leading private markets data and technology platform, now 
~25% of firmwide revenue.
• Led the design of the Global Partners Office and served as executive sponsor for relationships 
with strategic clients globally, with a focus on the Middle East and Asia Pacific, advancing 
opportunities across infrastructure, private credit, digital assets, Aladdin, and more.
• Oversaw BlackRock’s digital assets platform, now a $500 million revenue platform with two of the 
largest and fastest growing funds in their categories.
Organizational 
Strength
25%
Assessment
• Played a central role in elevating leadership across BlackRock’s operations, technology, and 
client platform, strengthening scale and succession readiness. 
• Visited 20+ offices around the world and drove continued expansion of the BlackRock footprint to 
now include 154 offices in 88 cities. 
• Strengthened connectivity between senior leadership and employees through leading dozens of 
Global Town Halls, offsites, global Managing Director/Director calls, and other targeted 
communication initiatives. 
• Championed One BlackRock culture through sponsorship of key talent programs (including the 
“Recognized by Rob2” program with Mr. Kapito), Early Careers Programming, reinforcing One 
BlackRock and driving strong year-over-year improvement in the employee opinion survey scores 
relating to culture and belonging. 
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
85
FAR EXCEEDS
FAR EXCEEDS

=== PAGE 92 ===
Martin S. Small CFO and Global Head of Corporate Strategy
RESPONSIBILITIES:
As CFO and Global Head of Corporate 
Strategy, Mr. Small is responsible for leading 
the Finance and Strategy teams and managing 
BlackRock’s overall financial condition, 
including resource and capital allocation. 
He oversees BlackRock’s accounting and 
controllership, financial planning and analysis, 
tax, treasury, investor relations, corporate 
development, and corporate strategy.
2025 Compensation
(Thousands)
Base Salary
$750
Annual Cash Bonus
$5,002
Annual RSU Incentive
$5,088
BPIP award
$8,500
Total Incentive Awards
$18,590
Total Annual Compensation
$19,340
Mr. Small is a member of BlackRock’s GEC and the co-chair, along with Mr. Goldstein, of the BlackRock 
Global Operating Committee. He also serves as the sponsor for BlackRock’s Gives Network, which 
coordinates and supports employee philanthropy and volunteerism.
He co-chairs, along with Mr. Goldstein, the PBA Committee, which makes recommendations regarding the 
Company’s budget and evaluates new initiatives aimed at driving growth and achieving strategic objectives.
The MDCC’s assessment of Mr. Small’s performance relative to his responsibilities and objectives as CFO 
and Global Head of Corporate Strategy in 2025 resulted in a Far Exceeds determination.
Based on its assessment, the MDCC set Mr. Small’s 2025 Total Incentive Award outcome at $18.59 million. 
In recognition of Mr. Small’s expanded responsibilities and significant contributions to key commercial initiatives 
and operational excellence as CFO and Global Head of Strategy, the MDCC agreed to increase Mr. Small’s year-
end NEO baseline pay opportunity to $14.52 million, to be on par with Mr. Goldstein’s. As a result of the MDCC’s 
assessment, Mr. Small’s Total Incentive Award determination was 35% above this opportunity at year end. In 
addition, Mr. Small received an award pursuant to the Executive Carry Program in recognition of his contributions 
to BlackRock as well as his leadership in the private markets driven evolution of BlackRock’s business strategy. 
More details on the Executive Carry Program can be found on page 72.
Overall Assessment: Far Exceeds Expectations
COMPENSATION SCORECARD
Performance Category
Performance Highlights
Financial 
Performance
50%
Assessment
 
 
• Under Mr. Small’s leadership as CFO, BlackRock delivered record revenue of over $24.2 billion, a 
19% increase from 2024, and record AUM of more than $14 trillion, a 22% increase from 2024.
• Partnered with Mr. Kapito and Mr. Goldstein to guide day-to-day management of BlackRock’s 
business operations and drive scale and disciplined expense management, contributing to 18% 
adjusted operating income growth, 10% organic revenue growth (achieved efficiently and 
outpacing growth in controllable expenses) and an operating margin, as adjusted, of 44.1%.
• Led disciplined capital and headcount allocation, including strategic investments of 
compensation and general and administrative expenses in organic builds, contributing to 
commercial momentum, resulting in more than $1.6 billion in new organic revenue.
• Improved margins on recurring fee-related earnings by managing operating income and EPS-
growth drivers through various scale initiatives, BlackRock’s corporate tax position (efficient legal 
entity redesign) and budget management efforts across the firm’s businesses. 
Executive Compensation
86
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
FAR EXCEEDS

=== PAGE 93 ===
Performance Category
Performance Highlights
Business 
Strength
25%
Assessment
• Returned a record $5.0 billion in capital to shareholders, including $1.6 billion in share 
repurchases, reflecting disciplined capital allocation and commitment to shareholder returns. 
• Architected, then led 2025 execution of the firm’s 2030 strategy, embedding metrics-based 
management and aligning capital and talent to priority growth areas, contributing to strong, 
broad-based organic revenue growth. 
• Oversaw capital and headcount deployment tied to strategic initiatives, supporting organic 
growth across public and private markets, including advances in insurance, SMA solutions, 
digital assets, iShares, and the Citi Wealth SMA/OCIO. 
• Played a key executive role in transformational inorganic growth initiatives aligned with 2030 
priorities, including acquisitions of HPS, Preqin and ElmTree, strategic investments in insurance-
related assets (e.g., Viridium) and digital infrastructure via AIP while continuing to serve as the 
executive lead for the GIP and HPS integrations.
• Led design and delivery of BlackRock’s 2025 Investor Day, enhancing transparency into platform 
expansion, the firm’s 2030 roadmap, and financial modeling.
• Enhanced external quarterly reporting to expand private markets disclosures and clarify fee- 
and performance-based revenue drivers, improving investor understanding and 
modeling consistency.
Organizational 
Strength
25%
Assessment
• Elevated leadership depth across the firm’s largest distribution (Americas Client Business) and 
SMA solutions platforms, strengthening succession readiness in large-scale client franchises. 
• Advanced talent development within Finance & Strategy through expanded leadership roles, job 
shadowing frameworks and targeted development for high potential leaders.
• Strengthened connectivity between senior leadership and employees through leading, 
presenting at, and/or developing the agendas of firmwide Town Halls, offsites, global Managing 
Director/Director calls, and other targeted communication initiatives. 
• Championed critical talent initiatives, including the Global Leadership Summit, Talent Bench 
Review, and offsites for executive management committees, reinforcing leadership alignment 
and culture. 
• Advanced BlackRock’s sustainability strategy across operations, suppliers, and client platforms, 
achieving a 100% renewable-energy match goal and expanding BlackRock’s Supplier 
Sustainability Program to engage suppliers representing 63.6%(1) of the firm's emissions and 
launch BlackRock's Supplier Clean Energy Initiative.
(1)
As of December 31, 2024.
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
87
FAR EXCEEDS
FAR EXCEEDS

=== PAGE 94 ===
J. Richard Kushel Head of Portfolio Management Group
RESPONSIBILITIES:
As Head of the Portfolio Management Group 
(“PMG”), which encompasses BlackRock’s 
Fundamental and Systematic investing across 
Fixed Income, Equities and Multi-Asset Strategies 
as well as the BlackRock Investment Institute. 
Mr. Kushel is responsible for the firm’s liquid 
alpha-seeking investment products, performance, 
and asset allocation and portfolio 
solutions capabilities.
2025 Compensation
(Thousands)
Base Salary
$750
Annual Cash Bonus
$3,375
Annual RSU Incentive
$2,625
BPIP award
$6,250
Total Incentive Awards
$12,250
Total Annual Compensation
$13,000
Mr. Kushel is a member of the GEC and Co-Chair of the GEC Investment Sub-Committee. He is also the GEC 
sponsor of the firm’s Black Professionals & Allies Network, a network open to all employees.
Mr. Kushel led BlackRock’s PMG through a year of change and successfully delivered the majority of PMG’s 
performance goals for clients while continuing the focus on driving commercial outcomes and innovation. Mr. 
Kushel invested in PMG and the broader BlackRock workforce and culture, effectively increasing retention and 
strengthening the organization for the future. 
Overall, the MDCC’s assessment of Mr. Kushel’s performance resulted in a Far Exceeds determination. Based on 
this assessment, the MDCC set Mr. Kushel’s Total Incentive Award outcome at $12.25 million, or a 23% increase 
to his 2024 Total Incentive Award.
Overall Assessment: Far Exceeds Expectations
COMPENSATION SCORECARD
Performance Category
Performance Highlights
Financial 
Performance
50%
Assessment
 
 
• Delivered PMG revenue of $9.4 billion in 2025, including $743 million in performance fees from 
the firm’s liquid business, exceeding the annual average by 24% ($600 million) since 2018.
• Drove significant improvement in investment performance across PMG and liquid active 
businesses, resulting in $8.6 billion in alpha dollars for clients, and improved Alpha Target Ratio 
to 67% from 49% (measures the stated alpha target a fund actually returned over a range of 
time periods). 
• Delivered strong commercial and revenue outcomes across key platforms, with Systematic and 
multi-asset strategies and solutions outpacing broader industry growth.
Executive Compensation
88
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
MEETS/EXCEEDS

=== PAGE 95 ===
Performance Category
Performance Highlights
Business 
Strength
25%
Assessment
 
 
• Successfully integrated BlackRock’s Private Debt business with the newly acquired HPS business 
mid-year while maintaining strong momentum, including 14% annualized organic growth for the 
first half of 2025 and improved credit performance.
• In partnership with Mr. Kapito, accelerated and drove active ETF growth through targeted 
product development and use of models and solutions platforms to accelerate adoption. 
• Scaled PMG efficiently through iHub hiring, leveraging AI to enhance and automate core 
processes including use of Asimov, an AI Research Platform to scale equity research and 
delivering cost savings through technology license optimization. 
• Contributed to key commercial priorities including developing a hedge fund platform, and major 
outsourcing and partnership initiatives such as the $80 billion Citi Wealth SMA outsourcing. 
Organizational 
Strength
25%
Assessment
 
 
• Executed major organizational and leadership changes across PMG, including a more cohesive 
and active investment platform, strengthening accountability, stewardship, and execution across 
all investment pillars.
• Assumed responsibility for the BlackRock Investment Institute, integrating thought leadership 
into PMG to increase relevance, consistency and impact with clients and investors.
• Championed talent and culture across the firm, including serving in different capacities on 
committees for our professional networks, strengthening inclusion and engagement.
• Expanded leadership capacity through targeted senior hires and broader remits for high 
potential leaders, supporting sustained business growth.
 
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
89
FAR EXCEEDS
FAR EXCEEDS

=== PAGE 96 ===
4. Compensation Policies and Practices
Summary of Executive Compensation Practices 
Our compensation program reflects our commitment to responsible financial and risk management and is exemplified 
by the following policies and practices: 
 
 
What We Do
What We Don’t Do
• Review pay and performance alignment;
• Balance short- and long-term incentives, cash and equity, and 
fixed and variable pay elements;
• Maintain a Dodd-Frank compliant clawback policy that requires the 
recovery of erroneously received incentive-based compensation in 
the event of an accounting restatement due to material 
noncompliance with financial reporting requirements;
• Maintain an additional clawback policy that allows for the 
recoupment of annual and long-term performance-based 
compensation in the event that financial results require a 
significant restatement due to the actions of an employee;
• Provide for the forfeiture of equity awards upon certain restrictive 
covenant breaches and other actions constituting cause 
for termination;
• Require one-year minimum vesting for stock-based 
incentive awards;
• Maintain meaningful stock ownership and retention guidelines;
• Maintain policies that prohibit employees from:
◦
Short-selling BlackRock securities;
◦
Pledging BlackRock securities as collateral for a loan (among 
other items) (other than pursuant to a contractual right 
negotiated in connection with a merger or acquisition); or
◦
Entering into any transactions that have the effect of hedging 
the economic risks and rewards of BlackRock securities held by 
such person (other than pursuant to a contractual right 
negotiated in connection with a merger or acquisition);
• Limit perquisites;
• Assess risks of our compensation plans, as described under “Risk 
Assessment of Compensation Plans” on page 91;
• Recommend one-year frequency of future executive compensation 
advisory votes;
• Solicit an annual advisory vote on executive compensation in order 
to provide shareholders with an opportunity to give regular 
feedback; and
• Annually review the independence of the MDCC’s 
compensation consultant.
• No ongoing employment 
agreements or guaranteed 
compensation arrangements 
with our NEOs;
• No arrangements with our 
NEOs providing for automatic 
single-trigger vesting of 
equity awards upon a 
change-in-control or 
transaction bonus payments 
upon a change-in-control;
• No dividends or dividend 
equivalents on unearned RSUs;
• No dividend equivalents on 
stock options or stock 
appreciation rights;
• No repricing of stock options;
• No cash buyouts of underwater 
stock options;
• No tax reimbursements for 
perquisites or tax gross-ups for 
excise taxes incurred due to the 
application of Section 280G of 
the Internal Revenue Code;
• No supplemental retirement 
benefit arrangements with our 
NEOs; and
• No supplemental severance 
benefit arrangements with our 
NEOs outside of the 
BlackRock’s Severance Plan for 
all U.S. eligible employees.
Executive Compensation
90
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 97 ===
STOCK OWNERSHIP GUIDELINES 
At BlackRock, substantial stock ownership by senior leaders is essential to aligning management’s interests with those 
of our shareholders. Our guidelines ensure senior executives maintain a significant financial stake in BlackRock’s 
future. In 2025, after considering prevailing market practices and input from the MDCC’s compensation consultant, 
BlackRock simplified and expanded our stock ownership expectations for leadership, including the following changes:
• Increasing ownership thresholds of the CEO and President by 50% to $15 million and $7.5 million, respectively;
• Increasing ownership thresholds for other executive officers and certain other senior leaders by 150% to $5 million;
• Expanding the non-officer executive population subject to our stock ownership guidelines to more than 40 
executives, generally subject to an ownership threshold of $2 million or greater, with the ownership threshold for the 
Chief Accounting Officer at $1.2 million;
• Executives must retain 100% of net shares received upon exercise, vesting or settlement of their BlackRock equity 
awards when identified as non-compliant with their ownership threshold, with exceptions requiring MDCC approval; 
• Executives provided approximately three years to reach compliance with ownership thresholds after first becoming 
subject to the requirement, or becoming subject to an increase to the requirement, whether through promotion, hire 
or otherwise; and
• For purposes of our stock ownership guidelines, “ownership” generally includes BlackRock shares owned outright, 
whether directly or indirectly, as well as unvested, time-based RSUs or restricted shares (but excludes unexercised 
options and unvested performance-based RSUs or restricted shares, such as the BPIP awards). 
The MDCC monitors compliance and may adjust requirements or timelines as appropriate. 
As of December 31, 2025, all of our NEOs exceeded the stock ownership guidelines.
PROHIBITION ON HEDGING AND PLEDGING BLACKROCK SECURITIES 
BlackRock’s Global Insider Trading Policy prohibits the hedging or pledging of BlackRock securities by employees, 
including BlackRock’s Section 16 officers and directors. Under this policy, BlackRock’s Section 16 officers and directors 
are prohibited from: 
• Holding BlackRock securities in a margin account; 
• Pledging BlackRock securities as collateral for a loan (other than pursuant to a contractual right negotiated in 
connection with a merger or acquisition); or
• Entering into any transactions that have the effect of hedging the economic risks and rewards of BlackRock 
securities held by such Section 16 officer or director (other than pursuant to a contractual right negotiated in 
connection with a merger or acquisition).
RISK ASSESSMENT OF COMPENSATION PLANS 
Our employee compensation programs are structured to discourage excessive and unnecessary risk-taking. The Board 
recognizes that potential risks to BlackRock may be inherent in employee compensation programs. BlackRock 
periodically reviews its employee compensation programs to ensure that they are structured so as not to 
unintentionally promote excessive risk-taking, and the MDCC is presented the findings of such reviews. Based on these 
reviews, management believes that our employee compensation programs are appropriately structured and do not 
pose risks that are reasonably likely to have a materially adverse effect on BlackRock. 
As part of its ongoing oversight, the MDCC evaluates the design of BlackRock’s compensation programs to assess 
whether they could create incentives for unreasonable risk-taking, including by considering the following features: 
• Reasonableness of performance goals in light of past performance and market conditions; 
• Emphasis on longer-term expectations for earnings and growth; 
• Use of base salary as a fixed component of compensation that does not increase with risk outcomes; 
• Delivery of a portion of annual incentive compensation in the form of equity that vests over time, aligning realized 
value with BlackRock’s future performance; 
• Increase in the proportion of annual incentive compensation delivered as equity at higher compensation levels; and 
• Application of BlackRock’s clawback policies and stock ownership guidelines to promote alignment and 
accountability. 
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
91

=== PAGE 98 ===
The ability to understand and manage risk is fundamental to BlackRock’s business model. Consistent with this 
principle, our employee compensation programs reward employees for strong performance in their management of 
client assets and in managing risk within the risk profiles appropriate to each BlackRock client. Further, our 
compensation practices are designed to reinforce BlackRock’s business model in the following ways: 
• Employees are not rewarded for engaging in high-risk transactions outside of established parameters;
• We do not provide undue incentives for short-term planning or action toward short-term financial rewards; 
• We do not reward unreasonable risk-taking; and 
• We provide a reasonable balance between the risks that are inherent in the business of investment management, risk 
management and advisory services. 
Moreover, investment risk unrelated to client outcomes is discouraged through the design of our incentive framework, 
under which BlackRock excludes net investment income and gains or losses on BlackRock’s seed or co-investments 
when measuring operating income, as adjusted, which is the performance measure on which annual incentive 
compensation at BlackRock is primarily based. Although BlackRock may make seed or co-investments in its various 
funds alongside clients, it does not engage in proprietary trading activities that could conflict with the interests of 
its clients. 
EQUITY GRANT POLICIES
The MDCC approves annual equity awards at a meeting of the MDCC that is held at approximately the same time every 
year (during the first fiscal quarter). These annual equity awards are then issued with an effective grant date occurring 
shortly thereafter during an open trading window following the release of financial information. The MDCC may also 
approve equity awards outside of our annual grant cycle for new hires, promotions, recognition, retention or other 
purposes. The Company does not grant equity awards in anticipation of the release of material non-public information, 
nor does it time the release of material non-public information based on equity or option grant dates.
All equity awards are granted under a shareholder-approved plan. Although the MDCC has the authority to grant stock 
options, SARs, or similar option-like instruments, the Company has not granted any such awards since May 2023. Any 
stock options, if granted, would have an exercise price at or above the closing market price of BlackRock common stock 
on the date of grant.
CLAWBACK POLICIES 
BlackRock maintains a clawback policy which complies with Rule 10D-1 of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and 
Consumer Protection Act (“Dodd-Frank”) and the applicable NYSE listing standards (the “Dodd-Frank Clawback 
Policy”). The Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy requires BlackRock to recover incentive-based compensation (i.e., 
compensation granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of any financial reporting 
measure) erroneously received by current or former executive officers during the three completed fiscal years 
immediately preceding any year in which BlackRock is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to material 
non-compliance with financial reporting requirements. BlackRock continues to maintain its longstanding clawback 
policy, which allows for the recoupment of all performance-based compensation (including cash- and equity-based 
incentive compensation received by a current or former employee) in the event that a significant restatement of 
financial results is required due to the actions of that employee (the “Standing Clawback Policy”). In addition to 
BlackRock’s clawback policies, BlackRock’s equity award agreements require the forfeiture of equity awards upon 
certain restrictive covenant breaches and other conduct constituting “cause.” As a result, BlackRock’s combined 
clawback policies and practices extend beyond the minimum Dodd-Frank requirements and explicitly cover all time-
based equity awards.
Executive Compensation
92
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 99 ===
Dodd-Frank
Clawback Policy
Standing
Clawback Policy
Forfeiture Provisions in Award Agreements
Financial Restatement
Fraud or Willful
Misconduct
Causing a Financial
Restatement
Breach of Restrictive
Covenants
Conduct Constituting Cause
Who
Section 16 
officers
All employees
Recipients of 
equity awards
Recipients of equity awards
Application
If BlackRock is 
required to 
prepare an 
accounting 
restatement due 
to material non-
compliance with 
financial 
reporting 
requirements 
(even if there was 
no misconduct or 
failure of 
oversight on the 
part of any 
covered officer).
If an employee 
is found to have 
engaged in 
fraud or willful 
misconduct that 
caused the need 
for a significant 
restatement of 
BlackRock’s 
financial 
statements.
If the recipient:
• breaches certain 
confidentiality, 
non-solicitation, 
non-disparagement 
and intellectual 
property policies or 
covenants; or
• competes with 
BlackRock 
following certain 
terminations of 
employment.
If, following a termination of 
employment, BlackRock becomes aware 
of conduct by a recipient that occurred 
while the recipient was employed that 
would have been grounds for a 
termination for “cause,” including the 
occurrence of any of the following:
• gross negligence or intentional 
misconduct by the recipient that is in 
connection with the recipient’s duties 
to BlackRock or that causes, or is 
expected to cause, monetary or other 
harm to BlackRock or its clients;
• breach of a fiduciary duty owed to 
BlackRock or its clients;
• misappropriation or embezzlement by 
the recipient, or any action involving 
theft, fraud or material personal 
dishonesty;
• any violation by the recipient of any 
domestic or foreign securities laws, 
rules or regulations (including those 
of any self-regulatory organization or 
authority); or
• material violation by the recipient of 
BlackRock’s policies (e.g., the Code of 
Business Conduct and Ethics or 
Insider Trading Policy).
What
All incentive-
based 
compensation 
that exceeds the 
amount of 
incentive-based 
compensation 
that otherwise 
would have been 
received had it 
been determined 
based on the 
restated financial 
reporting 
measures must 
be recouped.(1)
All 
performance-
based 
compensation 
(including 
Annual Cash 
Bonuses and all 
equity awards) 
may be 
recouped.
Any shares delivered 
within the preceding 
one-year period prior 
to such breach (or the 
gross proceeds from 
the disposition of 
such shares(2)) may be 
recouped by 
BlackRock, and any 
then-unvested awards 
will be forfeited.
All or a portion of any 
unvested awards(2) will 
be forfeited if the 
recipient competes 
with BlackRock 
following certain 
terminations 
of employment.
Any unvested equity awards held by the 
recipient (and any vested but 
unexercised options) will be forfeited.
(1)
The Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy prohibits BlackRock from indemnifying any current or former executive officer against the loss of 
erroneously awarded compensation. 
(2)
In the case of any shares received upon the exercise of an option, BlackRock may recoup the positive difference between the fair 
market value of the shares on the date of exercise and the option exercise price. If the recipient competes with BlackRock following 
certain terminations of employment, any vested but unexercised options will be forfeited. 
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
93

=== PAGE 100 ===
BENEFITS
BlackRock offers a wide range of benefits that are regularly reviewed in accordance with market practices and the local 
requirements of its offices, including, where applicable, retirement savings plans, a flexible time off policy and flexible 
working arrangements, parental leave and family-forming benefits, such as fertility benefits, adoption and surrogacy 
assistance, and backup elder and childcare benefits. The Company offers comprehensive healthcare and 
mental-health benefits to eligible employees, including medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings and 
spending accounts, life insurance, an employee assistance program and access to telemedicine services, where 
available. Our NEOs also have the option to participate in a comprehensive health exam offered to our senior level 
executives, and are eligible for continued medical coverage following retirement at their own expense. BlackRock 
makes contributions to 401(k) accounts of our NEOs on a basis consistent with other employees. None of our NEOs 
participate in any Company-sponsored defined benefit pension program. Other benefits include voluntary deferrals of 
all or a portion of the cash element of our NEOs’ annual incentive awards under the Amended and Restated BlackRock, 
Inc. Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan (the “VDCP”). 
SEVERANCE
Our NEOs are eligible for severance benefits under BlackRock’s Severance Plan, which provides a lump sum cash 
payment equal to two weeks of salary per year of service, with a minimum of 12 weeks and a maximum of 54 weeks, to 
all eligible U.S.-based employees who are involuntarily terminated without cause in conjunction with a reduction-in- 
force or position elimination. 
PERQUISITES
The MDCC considers perquisites and other benefits available to our NEOs to be a reasonable part of BlackRock’s 
executive compensation program. In approving these benefits, the MDCC considers their purpose and alignment to 
BlackRock’s compensation philosophy, as well as external market practices, and, in the case of travel and 
security-related services for Messrs. Fink and Kapito, their direct necessity and benefit to the Company. 
BlackRock’s security team provides certain security-related services to Messrs. Fink and Kapito to address potential 
threats to their safety that have originated in connection with their roles as CEO and President of the Company, 
respectively. The Board believes these services, which were recommended in a study performed by an independent, 
third-party security consulting firm, are not only necessary and in the interest of the personal safety of Messrs. Fink 
and Kapito, but are also in the interests of the Company and its shareholders given the critical value Messrs. Fink and 
Kapito provide as co-founders and leaders of the Company. In 2025, BlackRock paid for armed security personnel 
assigned to protect Messrs. Fink and Kapito, as well as armed security personnel assigned to provide residential 
security at each of their respective residences and, for Mr. Kapito, the installation, enhancement, upgrade and 
operational support for the home security systems at his residence. Also for their personal safety, the Board requires 
Messrs. Fink and Kapito to utilize private airplane services for all business and personal air transportation and offers 
additional travel services for ground transportation. Given this requirement, BlackRock incurs an incremental expense 
to provide each of them with a $295,000 allowance towards personal travel, and each executive must reimburse the 
Company for costs incurred beyond this allowance and did so in 2025. After November 2022, BlackRock offered no 
personal air travel program to our NEOs other than these security-related air services for Messrs. Fink and Kapito. 
In addition, our NEOs have access to a financial wellbeing program, including personalized financial planning and 
advisory support. Investment offerings may also be provided to them without charging management or performance 
fees, consistent with the terms offered to other employees who meet the same eligibility requirements. 
The aggregate incremental costs to BlackRock of providing the services described above are attributed as “All Other 
Compensation” in our “2025 Summary Compensation Table” on page 95, with the aggregate incremental costs further 
described in footnote (4) to the table. 
TAX REIMBURSEMENTS 
BlackRock did not provide tax reimbursements for any perquisites or other compensation paid to our NEOs. 
TAX DEDUCTIBILITY OF COMPENSATION 
The MDCC considers multiple compensation objectives when designing our incentive compensation programs, 
including the tax-deductibility of such compensation. 
Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code generally limits the tax deductibility of compensation paid to any of our 
executive officers who are subject to Section 162(m) (our “Covered Employees”), including our NEOs, to $1 million 
during any fiscal year. Since 2018, when the most commonly used exception to the $1 million deduction limit, the 
“performance-based compensation” exception, was eliminated, the compensation paid to our Covered Employees, 
including our NEOs, in excess of $1 million has generally been nondeductible, whether or not it is performance-based 
or paid before or after any termination of employment. As in prior years, the MDCC retains authority to make payments 
or grant awards that are not fully deductible if, in its sole discretion, it determines that such payments or awards are in 
the best interest of the Company to achieve our compensation objectives and protect stockholder interests.
Executive Compensation
94
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 101 ===
Executive Compensation Tables
The following 2025 Summary Compensation Table contains information concerning compensation provided by 
BlackRock to the NEOs for the years indicated. Pursuant to SEC rules, the compensation table below includes only 
those equity-based awards granted in the year indicated and not any awards granted after year-end, even if awarded 
for services in that year. It additionally discloses any cash compensation earned in the year indicated, even if such 
payments are made after year-end. 
2025 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE
Name and Principal Position
Year
Salary
($)
Bonus
($)(1)
Stock Awards
(Fair Value of
Awards)
($)(2)
Performance-
Based Option
Awards (Fair
Value of Awards)
($)(3)
All Other
Compensation
($)(4)
Total
($)
Laurence D. Fink
2025
$ 1,500,000 
$ 10,567,500 
$ 24,600,184 
 
— 
$ 1,081,885 
$ 37,749,569 
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
2024
$ 1,500,000 
$ 10,567,500 
$ 18,150,103 
 
— 
$ 550,943 
$ 30,768,546 
2023
$ 1,500,000 
$ 7,900,000 
$ 16,449,974 
 
— 
$ 1,089,500 
$ 26,939,474 
Robert S. Kapito
2025
$ 1,250,000 
$ 7,000,000 
$ 17,100,006 
 
— 
$ 392,500 
$ 25,742,506 
President
2024
$ 1,250,000 
$ 6,700,000 
$ 13,299,637 
 
— 
$ 533,737 
$ 21,783,374 
2023
$ 1,250,000 
$ 5,700,000 
$ 12,200,286 
 
— 
$ 398,399 
$ 19,548,685 
Robert L. Goldstein
2025
$ 750,000 
$ 5,001,850 
$ 9,746,734 
 
— 
$ 
62,355 
$ 15,560,939 
Senior Managing Director
and Chief Operating Officer
2024
$ 750,000 
$ 4,023,000 
$ 8,264,643 
 
— 
$ 
67,270 
$ 13,104,913 
2023
$ 500,000 
$ 3,335,000 
$ 6,749,680 
$ 8,500,029 
$ 
50,435 
$ 19,135,144 
Martin S. Small
2025
$ 750,000 
$ 5,001,850 
$ 7,874,937 
 
— 
$ 
22,500 
$ 13,649,287 
Senior Managing Director,
Chief Financial Officer
and Global Head of
Corporate Strategy
2024
$ 750,000 
$ 3,375,000 
$ 5,325,766 
 
— 
$ 
29,150 
$ 9,479,916 
2023
$ 500,000 
$ 2,175,000 
$ 3,625,062 
$ 6,500,030 
$ 
14,150 
 12,814,242 
J. Richard Kushel
2025
$ 750,000 
$ 3,375,000 
$ 6,824,612 
 
— 
$ 
63,855 
$ 11,013,467 
Senior Managing Director
and Head of the Portfolio
Management Group
2024
$ 750,000 
$ 3,175,000 
$ 6,075,064 
 
— 
$ 
68,770 
$ 10,068,834 
2023
$ 500,000 
$ 2,525,000 
$ 5,099,626 
$ 7,499,956 
$ 
52,685 
$ 15,677,267 
(1)
Bonus. These amounts represent the Annual Cash Bonuses awarded pursuant to BlackRock’s Total Incentive Award program for 
the applicable fiscal year (e.g., the 2025 amounts reflect Annual Cash Bonuses earned in respect of 2025 and paid in January 
2026). The criteria used to determine each NEO’s Annual Cash Bonus for 2025, as part of Total Incentive Awards, are more fully 
described in the “Annual NEO Framework” starting on page 59. 
In accordance with SEC requirements, Annual Cash Bonuses are reported in this table for the year earned, whereas equity awards 
are reported in the year granted. As a result, the other components of Total Incentive Awards granted in January 2026 in respect of 
2025 (i.e., Annual RSU Incentives and BPIP awards) will not appear in the “Stock Awards” column of this table until next year’s 
proxy statement. For more information about the 2025 Total Incentive Awards, see page 57 of the “Compensation Discussion and 
Analysis.” As described in that section, in January 2026, Messrs. Fink, Kapito, Goldstein, Small and Kushel were awarded Annual 
RSU Incentives and BPIP awards as part of their Total Incentive Awards for the 2025 fiscal year. In accordance with Financial 
Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 718, (i) these Annual RSU Incentives had 
grant date values of $8,432,500, $6,000,000, $5,087,650, $5,087,650 and $2,625,000, respectively, based on the average of the 
high and low prices per share of BlackRock common stock on January 16, 2026, which was $1,170.18, and (ii) the BPIP awards, 
which are performance-based RSUs, had targeted grant date values of $24,500,000, $16,750,000, $8,500,000, $8,500,000 and 
$6,250,000, respectively. The base number of units granted pursuant to the BPIP awards was determined by dividing the 
individual’s award value by the average of the high and low prices per share of BlackRock common stock on January 16, 2026. 
(2)
Stock Awards. Reflects the grant date fair value of equity awards made during the applicable fiscal year, as determined pursuant 
to FASB ASC Topic 718. For 2025, amounts reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of Annual RSU Incentives and BPIP awards 
granted in January 2025. The amount included with respect to the BPIP awards granted in January 2025 is based on the grant 
date fair value assuming target level of performance. If maximum level of performance had been assumed, the grant date fair 
value of the BPIP awards would have been (i) $28,214,931 for Mr. Fink; (ii) $20,295,003 for Mr. Kapito; (iii) 10,147,501 for Mr. 
Goldstein; (iv) $8,661,453 for Mr. Small; and (v) $7,425,245 for Mr. Kushel. For complete valuation assumptions of the awards, see 
Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements in our 2025 Form 10-K. 
(3)
Performance-Based Options Awards. In May 2023, BlackRock implemented a key strategic part of our long-term management 
succession plans by granting non-recurring long-term incentive awards in the form of performance-based stock options to a 
select group of senior leaders, excluding the CEO and President, who we believe will play critical roles in BlackRock’s future. We do 
not consider these awards to be part of our regular annual compensation determinations for 2023. See “Performance-Based Stock 
Options” as disclosed on page 63 of BlackRock’s 2024 Proxy Statement. Amounts reflect the grant date fair value of performance-
based option awards made during the fiscal year as determined pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718. For complete valuation 
assumptions of the awards, see Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements in our 2025 Form 10-K. 
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
95
$

=== PAGE 102 ===
(4)
All Other Compensation for 2025. For Messrs. Fink, Kapito, Goldstein, Small and Kushel, $22,500, $22,500, $22,500, $22,500, 
and $22,500, respectively, was attributable to contributions made by BlackRock under its tax-qualified defined contribution 
(401(k)) plan in 2025. For each of Messrs. Kapito and Kushel, $1,500 was attributable to contributions made by BlackRock under 
its health savings account (HSA) medical plan in 2025. For Messrs. Kapito, Goldstein and Kushel, $39,855, $39,855 and $39,855, 
respectively, was attributable to financial planning services for 2025. 
For each of Messrs. Fink and Kapito, the value reported for 2025 also includes $295,000, which reflects the incremental cost 
associated with personal use of company-provided aircraft services that counted toward their respective personal use allowances 
approved by the MDCC. Messrs. Fink and Kapito are required by the Board to utilize company-provided airplane services for all 
business and personal travel in the interest of protecting their personal security.
Aircraft incremental cost is based on, as applicable, (i) variable operating cost per flight hour for the BlackRock corporate aircraft 
(including fuel and variable maintenance expenses) plus any trip-specific incremental costs (such as crew expenses, catering 
expenses and fees associated with landing, parking and flight planning) or (ii) actual charter cost, in each case, less 
reimbursement received from the NEO. For 2025, these amounts relate to flights taken between December 1, 2024 and November 
30, 2025, rather than flights taken during BlackRock’s fiscal year. 
For the personal security of Mr. Fink and Mr. Kapito, the values reported for 2025 also include $764,385 and $33,645, respectively, 
for expenses incurred by the Company to provide personal and residential security. This includes the provision of armed security 
personnel assigned to protect Messrs. Fink and Kapito, as well as armed security personnel assigned to provide security at each of 
their respective residences. For Mr. Kapito, the $33,645 amount also includes $28,000 to provide for the installation, 
enhancement, upgrade and operational support for the home security systems at his residence, as recommended by an 
independent, third-party security assessment and supported by the Board as necessary and in the interest of the Company and 
its shareholders.
For more information regarding perquisites, see “Perquisites” on page 94. No nonqualified deferred compensation earnings were 
determined to be above-market or preferential. None of the NEOs participate in any BlackRock-sponsored defined benefit 
pension plans. 
2025 GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS 
The following table sets forth information concerning equity incentive plan-based compensation provided by 
BlackRock in 2025 to our NEOs. 
Grant Date(1)
Date of
MDCC Action
Estimated Future Payouts Under
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards
All Other Stock
Awards:
Number of Shares
or Units
(#)
Grant Date 
Fair Value of
Stock Awards
($)(4)
Name
Threshold
(#)
Target
(#)
Maximum
(#)
Laurence D. Fink
1/16/2025
1/13/2025(2)
 
7,505 
$ 
7,500,178 
1/16/2025
1/13/2025(3)
 
— 
 17,111 
 28,233 
$ 17,100,006 
Robert S. Kapito
1/16/2025
1/13/2025(2)
 
4,803 
$ 
4,799,914 
1/16/2025
1/13/2025(3)
 
— 
 12,308 
 20,308 
$ 12,300,092 
Robert L. Goldstein
1/16/2025
1/13/2025(2)
 
3,599 
$ 
3,596,688 
1/16/2025
1/13/2025(3)
 
— 
 
6,154 
 10,154 
$ 
6,150,046 
Martin S. Small
1/16/2025
1/13/2025(2)
 
2,627 
$ 
2,625,312 
1/16/2025
1/13/2025(3)
 
— 
 
5,253 
 
8,667 
$ 
5,249,625 
J. Richard Kushel
1/16/2025
1/13/2025(2)
 
2,326 
$ 
2,324,506 
1/16/2025
1/13/2025(3)
 
— 
 
4,503 
 
7,430 
$ 
4,500,107 
(1)
Grant Date. Grant date is the date on which approved award values were converted to a number of RSUs (including the base 
number of RSUs underlying each BPIP award) based on the grant price. The grant price was $999.36, representing the average of 
the high and low prices of BlackRock common stock on the grant date, which was the second trading day following the release of 
earnings for the fourth quarter of 2024.
(2)
Annual RSU Incentives. These Annual RSU Incentive awards were granted on January 16, 2025 to Messrs. Fink, Kapito, Goldstein, 
Small and Kushel as part of their Total Incentive Awards in respect of 2024. These awards vest one-third on each of the first three 
anniversaries of the grant date beginning on January 31, 2026, subject to the NEO’s continued service on each vesting date. Upon 
vesting, the NEOs are entitled to payment of accrued dividends with respect to the shares underlying the vested RSUs. 
(3)
BPIP Awards. These BPIP awards were granted on January 16, 2025 to Messrs. Fink, Kapito, Goldstein, Small and Kushel as part 
of their Total Incentive Awards in respect of 2024. These awards vest on January 31, 2028, subject to the NEO’s continued service 
through such date and the Company’s attainment of the applicable financial targets during the three-year performance period 
commencing on January 1, 2025 and ending on December 31, 2027. The number of shares of BlackRock common stock each 
NEO will receive upon settlement of the award will equal the base number of RSUs, multiplied by a percentage determined by 
application of the award determination matrix set forth in the NEO’s award agreement. The percentage multiplier is determined by 
the Company’s average annual Organic Revenue Growth and Operating Margin, as adjusted, during the performance period. If 
performance is below the minimum thresholds set forth in the award determination matrix for both performance metrics, the 
award payout will be zero. If the Company attains the maximum (or greater) level of performance for both performance metrics, the 
award payout will equal 165% of the base number. Performance at target would result in payout of 100% of the base number. 
Upon vesting, the NEOs are entitled to payment of accrued dividends with respect to the shares underlying the vested BPIP 
awards.
(4)
Grant Date Fair Value of Stock Awards. Reflects the grant date fair value of awards as determined pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 
718. For complete valuation assumptions of the awards, see Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements in our 2025 Form 
10-K. The amount included with respect to the BPIP awards is based on the grant date fair value assuming target level 
of performance.
Executive Compensation
96
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 103 ===
2025 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 
Option Awards
Stock Awards
Name
Grant Date
Number of
Securities
Underlying
Unexercised
Options (#)
Exercisable
Equity
Incentive Plan
Awards:
Number of
Securities
Underlying
Unexercised
Unearned 
Options
(#)
Option
Exercise
Price
($)
Option
Expiration
Date
Number of
Shares or
Units of
Stock That
Have Not
Vested
(#)
Market Value
of Shares
or Units of
Stock That
Have Not
Vested
($)(1)
Laurence D. Fink
1/17/2023  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 1,681(2) 
$ 1,799,242 
1/17/2023  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 19,914(3) 
$ 21,314,751 
1/16/2024  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 4,173(2) 
$ 4,466,529 
1/16/2024  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 26,438(3) 
$ 28,297,649 
1/16/2025  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 7,505(2) 
$ 8,032,902 
1/16/2025  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 23,117(3) 
$ 24,743,050 
Robert S. Kapito
1/17/2023  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 1,099(2) 
$ 1,176,304 
1/17/2023  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 15,289(3) 
$ 16,364,428 
1/16/2024  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 3,130(2) 
$ 3,350,164 
1/16/2024  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 19,200(3) 
$ 20,550,528 
1/16/2025  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 4,803(2) 
$ 5,140,843 
1/16/2025  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 16,628(3) 
$ 17,797,614 
Robert L. Goldstein
12/4/2017  54,190 
$513.5
12/4/2026(4)
 
— 
 
— 
1/17/2023  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 404(2) 
$ 
432,417 
1/17/2023  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 9,173(3) 
$ 9,818,229 
5/30/2023  
—  
57,694 $673.6
5/30/2032(5)
 
— 
 
— 
1/16/2024  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 2,141(2) 
$ 2,291,598 
1/16/2024  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 11,459(3) 
$ 12,265,026 
1/16/2025  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 3,599(2) 
$ 3,852,154 
1/16/2025  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 8,314(3) 
$ 8,898,807 
Martin S. Small
12/4/2017  27,047 
$513.5
12/4/2026(4)
 
— 
 
— 
1/17/2023  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 112(2) 
$ 
119,878 
1/17/2023  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 5,292(3) 
$ 5,664,239 
5/30/2023  
—  
44,119 $673.6
5/30/2032(5)
 
— 
 
— 
1/16/2024  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 1,023(2) 
$ 1,094,958 
1/16/2024  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 8,244(3) 
$ 8,823,883 
1/16/2025  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 2,627(2) 
$ 2,811,783 
1/16/2025  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 7,097(3) 
$ 7,596,203 
J. Richard Kushel
12/4/2017  20,000 
$513.5
12/4/2026(4)
 
— 
 
— 
1/17/2023  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 493(2) 
$ 
527,678 
1/17/2023  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 6,272(3) 
$ 6,713,172 
5/30/2023  
—  
50,906 $673.6
5/30/2032(5)
 
— 
 
— 
1/16/2024  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 1,315(2) 
$ 1,407,497 
1/16/2024  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 9,047(3) 
$ 9,683,366 
1/16/2025  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 2,326(2) 
$ 2,489,611 
1/16/2025  
—  
—  
—  
— 
 6,084(3) 
$ 6,511,949 
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
97

=== PAGE 104 ===
(1)
Market Value of Unvested RSUs. Amounts reflect the year-end value of Annual RSU Incentives and BPIP awards, based on the 
closing price of $1,070.34 per share of BlackRock common stock on December 31, 2025. With respect to the BPIP awards, the 
value shown is based on the number of shares that the NEO would receive upon settlement of the award assuming actual 
performance through December 31, 2025 and target-level performance estimates (as of December 31, 2025) for the remainder of 
the performance period. See footnote (3) to this table for values calculated if maximum performance level is assumed.
(2)
Annual RSU Incentives. One-third of these Annual RSU Incentive awards vest on January 31 of each of the first three years 
following the year of grant. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2025: (i) one-third of the Annual RSU Incentive award granted in 
January 2023 remained unvested, and subsequently vested on January 31, 2026; (ii) two-thirds of the Annual RSU Incentive 
award granted in January 2024 remained unvested, with one-third subsequently vesting on January 31, 2026, and the final 
one-third scheduled to vest on January 31, 2027; and (iii) the Annual RSU Incentive award granted in January 2025 remained fully 
unvested, with one-third subsequently vesting on January 31, 2026, one-third scheduled to vest on January 31, 2027, and the 
final one-third scheduled to vest on January 31, 2028.
(3)
BPIP Awards. These BPIP awards are performance-based RSUs granted annually in January that vest following the completion of 
a three-year performance period, subject to the Company’s attainment of specified financial targets and continued service 
through January 31 following the end of the applicable performance period and certification of results. The BPIP awards granted 
in January 2023, January 2024 and January 2025 have performance periods ending on December 31, 2025, December 31, 2026 
and December 31, 2027, respectively. The number of units shown reflects the number of shares that the NEO would receive upon 
settlement of the award pursuant to the applicable BPIP award determination matrix, assuming (i) actual performance through 
December 31, 2025 and (ii) target-level performance estimates (as of December 31, 2025) for the remainder of the performance 
period. Based on these assumptions, the resulting payout for the full performance period would be 116.6% of target for the BPIP 
awards granted on January 17, 2023, 160.6% of target for the BPIP awards granted on January 16, 2024 and 135.1% of target for 
the BPIP awards granted on January 16, 2025). If maximum performance level is assumed, the total award payout would equal 
165% of the target value of the awards, which would be (i) for Mr. Fink, $35,169,339 for the 2023 BPIP awards, $46,691,121 for 
the 2024 BPIP awards and $40,826,033 for the 2025 BPIP awards; (ii) for Mr. Kapito, $27,001,306 for the 2023 BPIP awards, 
$33,908,371 for the 2024 BPIP awards and $29,366,063 for the 2025 BPIP awards; (iii) for Mr. Goldstein, $16,200,078 for the 
2023 BPIP awards, $20,237,293 for the 2024 BPIP awards and $14,683,032 for the 2025 BPIP awards; (iv) for Mr. Small, 
$9,345,994 for the 2023 BPIP awards, $14,599,407 for the 2024 BPIP awards and $12,533,735 for the 2025 BPIP awards; and (v) 
for Mr. Kushel, $11,076,734 for the 2023 BPIP awards, $15,977,554 for the 2024 BPIP awards and $10,744,716 for the 2025 BPIP 
awards. See “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control” on page 99 for additional details regarding these awards. 
(4)
2017 Performance Options. In December 2017, BlackRock implemented a key strategic part of our long-term management 
succession plans by granting long-term incentive awards in the form of performance-based stock options to a select group of 
senior leaders, excluding the CEO and President, who we believed would play critical roles in BlackRock’s future. The performance 
conditions applicable to these awards were satisfied within the prescribed performance measurement period, and, following 
satisfaction of those performance conditions, the awards became subject solely to continued service through the applicable 
vesting dates. One-third of the options vested on each of December 4, 2022, December 4, 2023, and December 4, 2024, all of 
which vesting dates have occurred. The term of the stock options is nine years. 
(5)
2023 Performance Options. In May 2023, BlackRock implemented a key strategic part of our long-term management succession 
plans by granting non-recurring long-term incentive awards in the form of performance-based stock options to a select group of 
senior leaders, excluding the CEO and President, who we believed would play critical roles in BlackRock’s future. Vesting is 
contingent upon: (i) the achievement of a stock price equal to at least 130% of grant-date stock price of $673.58 for 60 
consecutive calendar days within four years from the grant date and (ii) attainment of positive Organic Revenue Growth during the 
three-year performance period from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2026. If both of these performance conditions are achieved, 
the awards will vest subject to continued service in three tranches of 25%, 25% and 50% in May of 2027, 2028 and 2029, 
respectively. The term of the stock options is nine years. Consistent with the intent of these grants, if a participant voluntarily 
terminates employment for any reason, including retirement, all unvested awards are forfeited. See “Potential Payments Upon 
Termination or Change in Control” on page 99 for additional details regarding these awards.
Executive Compensation
98
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 105 ===
2025 OPTIONS EXERCISED AND STOCK VESTED
The following table sets forth the number of shares acquired and the value realized by our NEOs during the fiscal year 
ended December 31, 2025 on the exercise of options or the vesting and/or settlement of RSUs. 
Option Awards 
Stock Awards 
Name
Number of
Shares
Acquired on
Exercise
(#)
Value
Realized on 
Exercise
($)(1)
Number of
Shares
Acquired on
Vesting
(#)
Value
Realized on
Vesting
($)(2)
Laurence D. Fink
 
— 
 
— 
 15,219 
$ 16,368,035 
Robert S. Kapito
 
— 
 
— 
 11,321 
$ 12,175,736 
Robert L. Goldstein
 
— 
 
— 
 5,796 
$ 6,233,598 
Martin S. Small
 
— 
 
— 
 2,237 
$ 2,405,894 
J. Richard Kushel
 47,142 
$ 24,951,468 
 4,473 
$ 4,810,712 
(1)
Value realized upon exercise reflects the product of (i) the excess of the closing price per share of BlackRock common stock on the 
date of exercise over the per-share exercise price of the option, multiplied by (ii) the number of shares subject to the option that 
were exercised. 
(2)
Value realized reflects (i) the closing price per share of BlackRock common stock on the vesting date, multiplied by (ii) the number 
of RSUs that vested. 
2025 NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION
Name
Executive
Contributions
in Last
Fiscal Year
($)
Registrant
Contributions
in Last
Fiscal Year
($)
Aggregate
Earnings (Losses)
in Last
Fiscal Year
($)(1)
Aggregate 
Withdrawals/
Distributions
($)
Aggregate
Balance
at Last
Fiscal Year-End
($)(2)
Laurence D. Fink
 
— 
 
— 
$ 2,992,521 
$ 1,374,910 
$ 30,656,045 
Robert S. Kapito
 
— 
 
— 
$ 
10,882 
 
— 
$ 
304,380 
Robert L. Goldstein
 
— 
 
— 
$ 
22,648 
$ 776,076 
$ 
198,944 
Martin S. Small
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
J. Richard Kushel
$ 1,270,000 (3)
 
— 
$ 669,753 
$ 952,329 
$ 8,519,591 
(1)
Represents earnings on balances in the Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan (“VDCP”) (as described below), none of which were 
determined to be above-market or preferential. 
(2)
Amounts shown include deferred portions of the Annual Cash Bonuses payable to the applicable NEO (other than Mr. Small) that 
were earned in prior years and previously included in the Bonus column of our Summary Compensation Tables for those years.
(3)
Mr. Kushel’s contribution to the VDCP represents a deferral of a portion of his Annual Cash Bonus earned in respect of 2024 and 
payable in January 2025. The deferred portion is included in the 2024 row of the Bonus column of the 2025 Summary 
Compensation Table.
VOLUNTARY DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN
BlackRock maintains the VDCP, which allows participants to elect to defer between 1% and 100% of the Annual Cash 
Bonus payable to them that is not mandatorily deferred under another arrangement. Participants must specify a 
deferral period of up to 10 years and distributions may be in a lump sum or up to 10 annual installments. The 
benchmark investments available for the NEOs under the VDCP are the same as those for other participants who meet 
the same eligibility requirements. Deferred amounts and any benchmark returns are vested at the time of deferral or 
crediting, as applicable, under the VDCP. 
POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL
As described previously, the NEOs do not have individual employment, severance or change-in-control agreements 
with BlackRock. Potential payments and benefits for NEOs upon a termination of employment or a change in control 
arise under BlackRock’s incentive award programs (including equity-based awards and carry-based arrangements), 
BlackRock’s Severance Plan (the “Severance Plan”), and the VDCP, as described below. The material terms governing 
these arrangements are described below, and the estimated payment amounts with respect to these arrangements are 
set forth in the tables on pages 100 and 102, in each case assuming a change in control and/or termination of 
employment of the NEO on December 31, 2025. 
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
99

=== PAGE 106 ===
TREATMENT OF OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS UPON TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT OR A CHANGE 
IN CONTROL
Under the terms of the applicable equity award agreements, an NEO whose employment is terminated may become 
entitled to accelerated vesting and payment (or continued eligibility for vesting and payment) with respect to such 
NEO’s outstanding awards, as summarized below. 
Type of Award(1)
 Voluntary 
Resignation
Termination 
For Cause
Involuntary Termination 
Without Cause(2) (3)
Qualified Retirement(4)/
Disability
 Death
Annual RSU 
Incentives
Unvested 
awards are 
forfeited.
Unvested 
awards are 
forfeited.
Awards will continue to vest 
in accordance with their 
schedule following termination. 
Any portion of the award that 
remains unvested on the one-
year anniversary of termination 
will become fully vested on that 
date, subject to non-engagement 
in any competitive activity prior 
to the vesting date.
If termination occurs within the 
one-year period following a 
change in control of BlackRock, 
the awards will vest at the time 
of termination.
Awards will continue to vest in 
accordance with their 
schedule following 
termination. Any portion of the 
award that remains unvested 
on the one-year anniversary of 
termination will become fully 
vested on that date, subject 
to non-engagement in any 
competitive activity prior to 
the vesting date.
Immediate vesting 
and settlement.
BPIP Awards 
(Performance-based 
RSUs)
Unvested 
awards are 
forfeited.
Unvested 
awards are 
forfeited.
Awards will continue to be 
eligible to fully vest following the 
end of the performance period, 
subject to attainment of the 
applicable performance targets 
and non-engagement in any 
competitive activity prior to the 
vesting date. If termination 
occurs within the 12-month 
period following a change in 
control, awards will fully vest at 
target level.
Awards will continue to be 
eligible to fully vest following 
the end of the performance 
period, subject to attainment 
of the applicable performance 
targets and non-engagement 
in any competitive activity 
prior to the vesting date.
Awards will continue 
to be eligible to fully 
vest following the end 
of the performance 
period, subject to 
attainment of the 
applicable 
performance targets.
2023 Performance-
Based Option 
Awards
Unvested 
portion of the 
option is 
forfeited; 
vested but 
unexercised 
portion of the 
option remains 
exercisable for 
a 90-day period 
following 
separation, 
subject to non-
engagement in 
any competitive 
activity prior to 
exercise.
Unvested 
portion of the 
option is 
forfeited; 
vested and 
unexercised 
portion of the 
option is 
cancelled.
Option is forfeited upon a 
termination of employment 
within two years of grant. For any 
termination without cause 
thereafter, the vested portion of 
the option remains exercisable 
through the full term, and 50% 
of the remaining unvested 
portion will vest on a pro rata 
basis with respect to each 
tranche (based on length of 
service during the vesting period) 
and will remain exercisable 
through the full term, subject to 
achievement of the applicable 
performance conditions and 
non-engagement in any 
competitive activity prior to 
exercise of the awards. If 
termination occurs within the 
12-month period following a 
change in control, the option will 
fully vest and remain exercisable 
through the full term.
Qualified Retirement: 
Unvested portion of the option 
is forfeited; vested but 
unexercised portion of the 
option remains exercisable for 
a 90-day period following 
separation, subject to non- 
engagement in any 
competitive activity prior to 
exercise.
Disability: Option will 
continue to be eligible to vest 
as scheduled on each vesting 
date, subject to achievement 
of the applicable performance 
conditions and non-
engagement in any 
competitive activity prior to 
exercise. 
Option will continue 
to be eligible to vest as 
scheduled on each 
vesting date, subject 
to achievement of 
the applicable 
performance 
conditions. 
(1)
Any amounts payable upon or due to an NEO’s termination by BlackRock other than for cause, due to the NEO’s disability or upon a qualified 
retirement (as such terms are defined in the applicable award agreements) are generally subject to the NEO’s (a) execution of a release of claims 
against BlackRock and (b) continued compliance with covenants restricting the NEO’s solicitation of clients or employees of BlackRock for the 
one-year period following termination.
(2)
Treatment described in the event of a termination without cause following a change in control applies if outstanding awards are assumed or 
substituted by the acquirer. If outstanding awards are not assumed or substituted, such awards would become vested at the time of the change in 
control (at target level for performance-based awards). 
(3)
For purposes of the equity awards, (a) a “change in control” generally means a significant change in BlackRock’s share ownership or in the 
composition of the Board and (b) “cause” generally includes gross negligence or intentional misconduct; breach of fiduciary duty; theft, fraud, 
embezzlement or other material dishonesty; violations of securities laws or self-regulatory rules; certain criminal charges or convictions; willful failure 
or refusal to perform material duties; or material violations of Company policies. The definition of “cause” under our equity awards is generally 
consistent with the definition of “cause” as used in the CEO Carry Incentive, Executive Carry Program and Leadership Retention Carry Plan.  
(4)
“Qualified retirement” generally means a voluntary resignation (other than following a cause event) when the NEO’s age plus years of service equals 
at least 65, with at least age 60 if the NEO did not turn 54 on or prior to January 19, 2016 and with at least age 55 if the NEO turned 54 on or prior to 
such date while employed by BlackRock, and with at least three years of credited service with BlackRock, provided that the NEO gives at least one 
year of advance notice of retirement and represents that any future work will not involve competitive activity. The definition of “retirement” under our 
equity awards is generally consistent with the definition of “retirement” as used in the CEO Carry Incentive, Executive Carry Program and Leadership 
Retention Carry Plan.  
Executive Compensation
100
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 107 ===
CEO Carry Incentive: Mr. Fink’s Carry Incentive was approved as of February 11, 2025. In the event of a termination of 
employment due to voluntary resignation (other than due to a qualified retirement) or an involuntary termination for 
cause, all vested and unvested portions of the Carry Incentive will be forfeited. In the event of an involuntary 
termination without cause, all unvested portions of the Carry Incentive will be forfeited. In the event of a termination of 
employment due to qualified retirement, the Carry Incentive will continue to vest for one year from the date of 
termination and any remaining unvested portions will be forfeited. In the event of a termination of employment due to 
death or disability, vesting will be accelerated in full. For additional details regarding the CEO Carry Incentive, see 
page 72.
Executive Carry Program. The Executive Carry Program was adopted in January 2026. As a result, no NEO had any 
entitlement under the Executive Carry Program as of December 31, 2025, and no amounts related to the Executive 
Carry Program are reflected in this section or the accompanying tables.
Leadership Retention Carry Plan: No percentage points were granted to any of our NEOs under the BlackRock, Inc. 
Leadership Retention Carry Plan in 2025. In the event of a termination of employment due to voluntary resignation, 
termination for cause or involuntary termination without cause, all awarded percentage points are forfeited. In the 
event of a termination of employment due to qualified retirement, death or disability, the award recipient would begin 
receiving cash distributions with respect to the percentage points granted under the plan, subject to the execution of a 
release of claims and compliance with restrictive covenant obligations. Distributions would be made in accordance with 
the following schedule: an initial distribution would be made on the first payroll date following June 30 of the calendar 
year immediately following the year in which the qualifying termination occurs, with additional distributions occurring 
on the first payroll dates following the dates that are 48 and 108 months, respectively, following the initial distribution 
date. In each case, the distributions would be based on the applicable distributions received by BlackRock from the 
participating BlackRock carry funds as of the applicable measurement date, provided that each of the first two 
distributions would be limited to 80% of the distributions calculated as of the applicable measurement date. For 
purposes of each distribution, the measurement date would be the December 31 preceding the year in which the 
distribution is made. For additional details regarding the Leadership Retention Carry Plan, see page 65 of BlackRock’s 
2020 Proxy Statement. 
Severance Plan: Our NEOs are eligible for severance benefits under the Severance Plan, which provides a lump sum 
cash payment equal to two weeks of salary per year of service, with a minimum of 12 weeks and a maximum of 54 
weeks, to all eligible U.S.-based employees who are involuntarily terminated without cause in conjunction with a 
reduction-in-force or position elimination. 
Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan: Upon a termination of an NEO’s employment for any reason, the NEO’s VDCP 
balance attributable to deferrals made prior to the 2016 plan year would be paid out in a lump sum, while amounts 
attributable to deferrals made for the 2016 and subsequent plan years would be paid in accordance with the NEO’s 
deferral election. Upon a change in control (which generally means a significant change in BlackRock’s share 
ownership or in the composition of the Board), amounts deferred under the VDCP beginning with the 2004 plan year 
would be paid in a lump sump payment, and amounts deferred prior to the 2004 plan year would be paid as scheduled, 
unless a successor elects to accelerate payment. All outstanding VDCP balances were fully vested as of December 31, 
2025. Accordingly, no amounts have been included in the table on page 102 with respect to VDCP balances. For 
additional information, please refer to the “2025 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation” table on page 99. 
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
101

=== PAGE 108 ===
POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT OR A CHANGE 
IN CONTROL 
The amounts in the table below reflect an assumed a change in control and/or termination of employment on 
December 31, 2025 and are based on the closing price of BlackRock common stock on December 31, 2025, which was 
$1,070.34. 
Name
Involuntary
Termination
Without
Cause
Involuntary
Termination
Without Cause
Following a
Change in Control
Qualified
Retirement(14)
Disability/
Death
Voluntary Resignation/
Termination for Cause
Laurence D. Fink
Annual RSU Incentive(1)
$ 14,298,672 
$ 14,298,672 
$ 14,298,672 
$ 14,298,672 
 
— 
BPIP awards(2), (3), (4)
$ 74,355,449 
$ 57,249,276 
$ 74,355,449 
$ 74,355,449 
 
— 
Severance(10)
$ 1,557,692 
$ 1,557,692 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
CEO Carry Incentive Award(12)
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
Total(13)
$ 90,211,813 
$ 73,105,640 
$ 88,654,122 
$ 88,654,122 
 
— 
Robert S. Kapito
Annual RSU Incentive(1)
$ 9,667,311 
$ 9,667,311 
$ 
9,667,311 
$ 9,667,311 
 
— 
BPIP awards(2), (3), (4)
$ 54,712,570 
$ 42,334,088 
$ 54,712,570 
$ 54,712,570 
 
— 
Severance(10)
$ 1,298,077 
$ 1,298,077 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
Leadership Retention Carry Plan(11)
 
— 
 
— 
$ 
5,697,367 
$ 5,697,367 
 
— 
Total(13)
$ 65,677,958 
$ 53,299,476 
$ 70,077,248 
$ 70,077,248 
 
— 
Robert L. Goldstein
Annual RSU Incentive(1)
$ 6,576,169 
$ 6,576,169 
$ 
6,576,169 
$ 6,576,169 
 
— 
BPIP awards(2), (3), (4)
$ 30,982,062 
$ 24,041,977 
$ 30,982,062 
$ 30,982,062 
 
— 
2023 Option Awards(5), (6), (7), (8), (9)
$ 5,791,902 
$ 22,890,671 
 
— 
$ 22,890,671 
 
— 
Severance(10)
$ 
778,846 
$ 
778,846 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
Total(13)
$ 44,128,979 
$ 54,287,663 
$ 37,558,231 
$ 60,448,902 
 
— 
Martin S. Small
Annual RSU Incentive(1)
$ 4,026,619 
$ 4,026,619 
$ 
4,026,619 
$ 4,026,619 
 
— 
BPIP awards(2), (3), (4)
$ 22,084,325 
$ 16,780,791 
$ 22,084,325 
$ 22,084,325 
 
— 
2023 Option Awards(5), (6), (7), (8), (9)
$ 4,429,032 
$ 17,504,654 
 
— 
$ 17,504,654 
 
— 
Severance(10)
$ 
548,077 
$ 
548,077 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
Total(13)
$ 31,088,053 
$ 38,860,141 
$ 26,110,944 
$ 43,615,598 
 
— 
J. Richard Kushel
Annual RSU Incentive(1)
$ 4,424,786 
$ 4,424,786 
$ 
4,424,786 
$ 4,424,786 
 
— 
BPIP awards(2), (3), (4)
$ 22,908,487 
$ 17,562,139 
$ 22,908,487 
$ 22,908,487 
 
— 
2023 Option Awards(5), (6), (7), (8), (9)
$ 5,110,666 
$ 20,197,465 
 
— 
$ 20,197,465 
 
— 
Severance(10)
$ 
778,846 
$ 
778,846 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
Total(13)
$ 33,222,785 
$ 42,963,236 
$ 27,333,273 
$ 47,530,738 
 
— 
(1)
Annual RSU Incentives. Reflects an amount equal to (i) the number of unvested RSUs awarded as Annual RSU Incentives 
outstanding as of December 31, 2025, multiplied by (ii) $1,070.34 (the closing price of BlackRock common stock on 
December 31, 2025). For additional details on the Annual RSU Incentives, please refer to the “2025 Outstanding Equity Awards at 
Fiscal Year-End” table on page 97 and the “Treatment of Outstanding Equity Awards Upon Termination of Employment or a Change 
in Control” table on page 100.
(2)
BPIP Awards upon an involuntary termination without cause (other than following a change in control): For the January 2023 
BPIP awards, January 2024 BPIP awards and January 2025 BPIP awards, the value shown reflects an amount equal to (i) the 
number of shares that the NEO would receive upon settlement of the award pursuant to the applicable BPIP award determination 
matrix, assuming (a) in the case of January 2023 BPIP awards, actual performance relative to the performance targets through 
December 31, 2025, and (b) in the case of January 2024 and January 2025 awards, actual performance relative to the 
performance targets through December 31, 2025 and target-level performance estimates (as of December 31, 2025) for the 
remainder of the applicable performance period, multiplied by (ii) $1,070.34. The actual number of shares that an NEO would 
receive following the end of the three-year performance period will be based on the Company’s actual performance over the 
duration of the performance period. For additional details on the BPIP awards, please refer to the “2025 Grants of Plan-Based 
Awards” table on page 96, the “2025 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End” table on page 97 and the “Treatment of 
Outstanding Equity Awards Upon Termination of Employment or a Change in Control” table on page 100.
Executive Compensation
102
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 109 ===
(3)
BPIP Awards upon an involuntary termination without cause within 12 months following a change in control: For the 
January 2023 BPIP awards, assuming a change in control and termination without cause coincident with the end of the 
performance period as of December 31, 2025, the value shown reflects an amount equal to (i) the number of shares that the NEO 
would receive upon settlement of the award pursuant to the award determination matrix, assuming actual performance relative to 
the performance targets through December 31, 2025, multiplied by (ii) $1,070.34. For each of the January 2024 BPIP awards and 
January 2025 BPIP awards, assuming a change in control and termination without cause on December 31, 2025 prior to the end 
of the applicable performance periods, the value shown reflects an amount equal to (i) the number of shares that the NEO would 
receive pursuant to the applicable award determination matrix, assuming the achievement of target-level performance during the 
performance period, multiplied by (ii) $1,070.34. If the awards are not assumed by the acquirer in the event of a change in control, 
the awards would become fully vested (at target-level performance) as of the date of the change in control. 
(4)
BPIP Awards upon a termination due to death, disability or qualified retirement: For each of the January 2023 BPIP awards, 
January 2024 BPIP awards and January 2025 BPIP awards, the value shown reflects an amount equal to (i) the number of shares 
that the NEO would receive upon settlement of the award pursuant to the applicable award determination matrix, assuming (a) in 
the case of the January 2023 BPIP awards, actual performance relative to the performance targets through December 31, 2025, 
and (b) in the case of the January 2024 and January 2025 awards, actual performance relative to the performance targets through 
December 31, 2025 and target-level performance estimates (as of December 31, 2025) for the remainder of the applicable 
performance period, multiplied by (ii) $1,070.34. The actual number of shares that an NEO would receive following the end of the 
three-year performance period will be based on the Company’s actual performance over the duration of the performance period. 
(5)
Option Awards. In May 2023, BlackRock implemented a key strategic part of our long-term management succession plans by 
granting non-recurring long-term incentive awards in the form of performance-based stock options to a select group of senior 
leaders, excluding the CEO and President, who we believed would play critical roles in BlackRock’s future. 
(6)
Option Awards upon an involuntary termination without cause (other than following a change in control): Assuming a 
termination without cause on December 31, 2025, which is more than two years following grant, the vested portion of the 2023 
performance-based stock option would remain exercisable through the full term, and 50% of the remaining unvested portion 
would vest on a pro rata basis with respect to each tranche (based on length of service during the vesting period) and would 
remain exercisable through the full term, subject to achievement of the applicable performance conditions and non-engagement 
in any competitive activity prior to exercise of the awards. Amounts shown in table represent the value of 50% of the prorated 
portion of the unvested portion of the option based on the closing price on December 31, 2025 of $1,070.34, which portion 
remains eligible to vest based on satisfaction of performance conditions. For additional details on these awards, see the “2025 
Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End” table on page 97. 
(7)
Option Awards upon a termination without cause within 12 months following a change in control: If the option is assumed by 
the acquirer in a change in control and employment is terminated without cause within the 12-month period following the change 
in control, the 2023 performance-based stock option would fully vest and remain exercisable through the full term. If the option is 
not assumed by the acquirer in the change in control, the option would become fully vested as of the date of the change in control. 
Amounts shown in the table represent the value of the unvested options as of December 31, 2025. 
(8)
Option Awards upon qualified retirement: All unvested options will be forfeited. 
(9)
Option Awards upon a termination due to death or disability: All unvested awards will continue to remain eligible to vest, subject 
to the achievement of the performance conditions. The amounts shown represent the value of the unvested options as of 
December 31, 2025. 
(10) Severance. Reflects the amount that would have been payable to the NEO in a lump sum under the Severance Plan, assuming a 
qualifying involuntary termination of employment by BlackRock on December 31, 2025. 
(11) Leadership Retention Carry Plan Award upon a termination due to qualified retirement, disability or death: The value shown 
for Mr. Kapito reflects an award of percentage points under the BlackRock, Inc. Leadership Retention Carry Plan to promote his 
long-term retention and drive future growth and performance and constitutes a reasonable estimate of the portion of the carry 
pool that would be payable to Mr. Kapito under the plan based upon the amount of applicable distributions received by BlackRock 
from participating funds as of December 31, 2025. The remaining value of the award depends on multiple factors that remain 
unknown, including timing of realization of the underlying investments in the participating illiquid alternative funds and the 
specific returns achieved with respect to the participating funds, and is not currently subject to reasonable estimation. However, 
had the participating funds been liquidated as of December 31, 2025 and all amounts been distributed and monetized in 
accordance with the respective funds’ distribution and related provisions, and had an actual qualifying termination of employment 
occurred on December 31, 2025, the remaining value of the award (which is in addition to the amount shown in the table) would 
have been approximately $27.8 million. The value of the award following an actual qualifying termination of employment will differ 
from these amounts depending on circumstances at the time. 
(12) CEO Carry Incentive Award: The value of the award depends on multiple factors, and is driven by timing of realization of the 
underlying investments in the participating illiquid alternative funds and the specific returns achieved with respect to the 
participating funds, and is not currently subject to reasonable estimation. 
(13) Total values for Annual RSU Incentives, BPIP awards, option awards and severance are rounded to the nearest whole number and, 
as a result of such rounding, the sum of such amounts may differ slightly from the amounts set forth in the line item titled “Total.” 
(14) Following qualified retirement, each of our NEOs are eligible for continued medical coverage at their own expense.
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
103

=== PAGE 110 ===
CEO Pay Ratio for 2025
As required by Section 953(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and Item 
402(u) of Regulation S-K, we are providing the following information about the relationship between the annual total 
compensation of our median employee and the annual total compensation of our CEO. 
For 2025, our last completed fiscal year: 
• The annual total compensation of our median employee, calculated using the methodology described below, was 
$153,770; and 
• The annual total compensation of our CEO, as reported in the 2025 Summary Compensation Table included in this 
Proxy Statement, was $37,749,569.
Based on this information, the ratio of our CEO’s annual total compensation to that of our median employee for 2025 
was 245:1. This result is broadly consistent with our historical pay practices.
2025 CEO PAY RATIO = 245:1
Methodology 
1.
Identification of Median Employee. We identified our median employee for 2025 from our employee population as 
of December 31, 2025. To identify the median employee, we ranked each employee’s 2025 compensation using a 
consistently applied compensation measure. This compensation measure included base salary, overtime, 2025 
annual incentive awards, direct incentives, commission payments and long-term equity incentive grants, each as 
reflected in the 2025 annual compensation statements provided to each employee as part of the year-end 
compensation process. We did not make any cost-of-living adjustments in identifying the median employee.
2. Annual Total Compensation of Median Employee. Once we identified our median employee for 2025, we 
calculated that employee's annual total compensation in accordance with the same methodology as used for the 
Summary Compensation Table. On that basis, the annual total compensation of our median employee was 
$153,770.
3. Annual Total Compensation of CEO. For our CEO’s annual total compensation, we used the amount reported in the 
“Total” column of our “2025 Summary Compensation Table” included in this Proxy Statement on page 95. 
This pay ratio is a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with SEC rules based on BlackRock’s payroll 
and compensation records and the methodology described above. Because the SEC rules for identifying the median 
employee and calculating the CEO pay ratio permit companies to use different methodologies, assumptions, 
exclusions and estimates that may reflect their particular employee populations and compensation practices, the pay 
ratios reported by other companies may not be comparable to the pay ratio reported by BlackRock.
Executive Compensation
104
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 111 ===
Pay Versus Performance
As required by Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K, we are providing the following information regarding the relationship 
between “compensation actually paid” to our NEOs (as determined under SEC rules) and certain aspects of our 
financial performance for each of the last five completed fiscal years. In determining “compensation actually paid” to 
our NEOs, we are required to make various adjustments to amounts reported in our Summary Compensation Table, as 
the SEC’s valuation methods for this section differ from those required in the Summary Compensation Table. The table 
below summarizes compensation values both reported in our Summary Compensation Table and as adjusted under the 
SEC’s methodology for the 2021 through 2025 fiscal years. 
Value of Initial Fixed $100
Investment Based on:
Year
Summary
Compensation
Table Total
for CEO(1)
Compensation
Actually Paid
to CEO(2)
Average
Summary
Compensation
Table Total NEOs(1)
Average
Compensation
Actually Paid to
Non-CEO NEOs(2)
Total
Shareholder
Return(3)
Peer
Group Total
Shareholder
Return(4)
Net
Income
($ millions)(5)
Operating
Margin, as
Adjusted(6)
2025
$ 37,749,569 
$ 55,823,885 
$ 16,491,550 
$ 25,230,786 
$ 167.24 
$ 211.25 
$ 5,553 
 44.1% 
2024
$ 30,768,546 
$ 56,483,706 
$ 13,609,260 
$ 36,574,292 
$ 156.96 
$ 200.58 
$ 6,369 
 44.5% 
2023
$ 26,939,474 
$ 26,855,065 
$ 15,627,388 
$ 20,027,946 
$ 121.40 
$ 145.36 
$ 5,502 
 41.7% 
2022
$ 32,726,109 
$ (5,793,787) 
$ 13,782,910 
$ (12,461,284) 
$ 103.00 
$ 110.59 
$ 5,178 
 42.8% 
2021
$ 32,587,335 
$ 65,321,174 
$ 14,814,344 
$ 39,235,001 
$ 129.39 
$ 147.62 
$ 5,901 
 46.8% 
(1)
Reflects compensation amounts reported in the Summary Compensation Table for Mr. Fink, who served as our CEO for the 
respective years shown. Reflects average compensation amounts reported in the Summary Compensation Table for the following 
non-CEO NEOs for the fiscal years noted below:
•
2025: Messrs. Kapito, Goldstein, Small and Kushel.
•
2024: Messrs. Kapito, Goldstein, Small and Kushel.
•
2023: Messrs. Kapito, Goldstein, Wiedman, Small and Shedlin. 
•
2022: Messrs. Kapito, Goldstein, Kushel and Shedlin. 
•
2021: Messrs. Kapito, Goldstein, Kushel and Shedlin. 
(2)
Dollar amounts reflect “compensation actually paid” for our CEO and average “compensation actually paid” for our non-CEO 
NEOs for each of the 2021 through 2025 fiscal years. In determining the “compensation actually paid” to our NEOs, we are 
required by SEC rules to include various adjustments to amounts that have been reported in the Summary Compensation Table 
for 2025 and in previous years, as the SEC’s valuation methods for this section differ from those required in the Summary 
Compensation Table. In particular, these adjustments include the deduction of grant date fair values of equity awards as reported 
in the Summary Compensation Table and the addition of equity award fair values measured at each fiscal year-end and upon 
vesting, as well as changes in fair value of outstanding unvested and vested awards from prior years. The reconciliation tables 
below detail the adjustments made to the Summary Compensation Table totals to arrive at these amounts. Because none of our 
NEOs participated in any Company-sponsored defined benefit pension program in the covered years, no pension-related 
adjustments have been included. These amounts do not reflect the year-end executive pay decisions made by the MDCC as 
detailed in the “NEO Total Annual Compensation Summary” on page 57. For information regarding the decisions made by the MDCC 
in regard to our NEOs’ compensation for each fiscal year, please see the Compensation Discussion and Analysis sections of the 
proxy statements reporting pay for the fiscal years covered in the table above, including the discussion beginning on page 54 of this 
Proxy Statement. 
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
105

=== PAGE 112 ===
CEO SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE TOTAL COMPENSATION TO COMPENSATION ACTUALLY 
PAID RECONCILIATION
Year
2025
CEO
Mr. Fink
Summary Compensation Table Total Compensation ($)
 
37,749,569 
Less: Equity Award Values Reported in Summary Compensation Table for 
the Covered Year ($)
 
(24,600,184) 
Plus: Year-End Fair Value for Outstanding Unvested Equity Awards Granted 
in the Covered Year ($)
 
32,775,910 
Plus/Less: Change in Fair Value as of Year-End of Outstanding Unvested 
Equity Awards from Prior Years ($)
 
7,259,941 
Plus/Less: Change in Fair Value as of the Vesting Date of Equity Awards 
from Prior Years that Vested in the Covered Year ($)
 
766,865 
Plus: Fair Value as of the Vesting Date of Equity Awards Granted and Vested 
in the Same Covered Year ($)
 
— 
Less: Fair Value as of Prior Year-End of Equity Awards Forfeited during the 
Covered Year ($)
 
— 
Plus: Value of Dividends Accrued on Equity Awards in the Covered Year not 
Otherwise Reflected in the Summary Compensation Table Total 
Compensation ($)
 
1,871,784 
Compensation Actually Paid to CEO ($)
 
55,823,885 
AVERAGE NON-CEO NEO SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE TOTAL COMPENSATION TO AVERAGE 
COMPENSATION ACTUALLY PAID RECONCILIATION
Year
2025
Average
Non-CEO NEOs
See note (1) above for NEO details
Average Summary Compensation Table Total Compensation ($)
 
16,491,550 
Less: Average Equity Award Values Reported in Summary 
Compensation Table for the Covered Year ($)
 
(10,386,573) 
Plus: Average Year-End Fair Value for Outstanding Unvested Equity 
Awards Granted in the Covered Year ($)
 
13,774,612 
Plus/Less: Average Change in Fair Value as of Year-End of Outstanding 
Unvested Equity Awards from Prior Years ($)
 
4,228,927 
Plus/Less: Average Change in Fair Value as of the Vesting Date of 
Equity Awards from Prior Years that Vested in the Covered Year ($)
 
300,012 
Plus: Average Fair Value as of the Vesting Date of Equity Awards 
Granted and Vested in the Same Covered Year ($)
 
— 
Less: Average Fair Value as of Prior Year-End of Equity Awards 
Forfeited during the Covered Year ($)
 
— 
Plus: Average Value of Dividends Accrued on Equity Awards in the 
Covered Year not Otherwise Reflected in the Average Summary 
Compensation Table Total Compensation ($)
 
822,258 
Average Compensation Actually Paid to Non-CEO NEOs ($)
 
25,230,786 
Executive Compensation
106
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 113 ===
With respect to the equity award fair value adjustments reflected in the reconciliation tables above, the valuation assumptions 
used are consistent with those used in BlackRock's audited financial statements in accordance with ASC Topic 718, updated as of 
each applicable measurement date. The following summarizes the valuation methodology by award type:
•
BPIP award grant date fair values are calculated using the stock price as of the grant date, assuming target performance. 
Adjustments to these values have been made using the stock price and projected vesting assumptions as of each subsequent 
measurement date. For this purpose, vesting assumptions reflect actual performance relative to the applicable performance 
targets through the applicable measurement date and target performance for the remaining years in the performance period 
(based on the award determination matrix for the BPIP award granted in the January following the applicable measurement 
date). 
•
RSU values represent fair values calculated using the stock price as of each measurement date. 
•
Stock options represent performance-based option awards with vesting contingent on the NEOs’ continued service and 
BlackRock’s achievement of a stock price hurdle and positive Organic Revenue Growth. Stock option fair values for 
measurement dates prior to when the applicable price hurdle is achieved are calculated by a Monte Carlo simulation model with 
an embedded binomial lattice model, which accounts for the risk of non-achievement. For stock option fair values occurring 
after the achievement of the price hurdle, the values are calculated by a binomial lattice model only. The stock option binomial 
lattice modelling uses a consistent set of valuation inputs (including BlackRock stock price, volatility, and dividend rates, market 
risk free rate, and the options’ strike price and term) which have been updated as of each measurement date, as applicable. 
(3)
Represents the cumulative Total Shareholder Return (“TSR”) of BlackRock for the periods ending on December 31, 2025, 2024, 
2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, based on an initial fixed investment of $100 in BlackRock common stock on December 31, 
2020. For 2025, represents the five-year TSR (2021-2025); for 2024, represents the four-year TSR (2021-2024); for 2023, 
represents the three-year TSR (2021-2023); for 2022, represents the two-year TSR (2021-2022); and for 2021, represents the 
one-year TSR (2021). 
(4)
Represents the cumulative TSR of the S&P U.S. BMI Asset Management & Custody Banks Index (as reported in BlackRock’s Annual 
Report on Form 10-K) for each of the periods ending on December 31, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, based on 
an initial fixed investment of $100 in such index on December 31, 2020. For 2025, represents the five-year TSR (2021-2025); for 
2024, represents the four-year TSR (2021-2024); for 2023, represents the three-year TSR (2021-2023); for 2022, represents the 
two-year TSR (2021-2022); and for 2021, represents the one-year TSR (2021). 
(5)
Reflects net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc. in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Income included in BlackRock’s 
Annual Reports on Form 10-K for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
(6)
BlackRock’s Company-Selected Measure is Operating Margin, as adjusted. For reconciliation with GAAP for 2023-2025, please 
see Annex A. For reconciliation with GAAP for 2022 and 2021, please see page 37 of BlackRock’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
the year ended December 31, 2022. 
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN COMPENSATION ACTUALLY PAID AND PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
DISCLOSED IN THE PAY VERSUS PERFORMANCE TABLE 
The following chart shows that the “compensation actually paid” to our CEO and average “compensation actually paid” 
to our other NEOs for each of the 2021 through 2025 fiscal years align to trends with BlackRock’s and our peer group’s 
(S&P U.S. BMI Asset Management & Custody Banks Index) cumulative TSR over the same period. 
COMPENSATION ACTUALLY PAID VS. TSR
Compensation Actually Paid ($ millions)
Total Shareholder Return
(FYE 2020 Indexed to $100)
$65.3
($5.8)
$26.9
$56.5
$55.8
$39.2
($12.5)
$20.0
$36.6
$25.2
$129.39
$103.00
$121.40
$156.96
$167.24
$147.62
$110.59
$145.36
$200.58
$211.25
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
($20)
$0
$20
$40
$60
$80
$100
$120
$140
$0.00
$50.00
$100.00
$150.00
$200.00
$250.00
 
Compensation
Actually Paid to CEO
 
Average Compensation
Actually Paid to Non-CEO NEOs
Total Shareholder
Return
Peer Group Total
Shareholder Return
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
107

=== PAGE 114 ===
The following chart shows that the “compensation actually paid” to our CEO and average “compensation actually paid” 
to our other NEOs for each of the 2021 through 2025 fiscal years align to trends in net income attributable to 
BlackRock, Inc. over the same period. 
COMPENSATION ACTUALLY PAID VS. NET INCOME(1)
Compensation Actually Paid ($ millions)
Net Income  ($ billions)
$65.3
($5.8)
$26.9
$56.5
$55.8
$39.2
($12.5)
$20.0
$36.6
$25.2
$5.9
$5.2
$5.5
$6.4
$5.6
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
($20)
$0
$20
$40
$60
$80
$100
$120
$140
$0.0
$1.0
$2.0
$3.0
$4.0
$5.0
$6.0
$7.0
 Compensation
Actually Paid to CEO
 Average Compensation
Actually Paid to Non-CEO NEOs
Net Income(1)
The following chart shows that “compensation actually paid” to our CEO and average “compensation actually paid” to 
our other NEOs for each of the 2021 through 2025 fiscal years align to trends with BlackRock’s Operating Margin, as 
adjusted, over the same period. 
COMPENSATION ACTUALLY PAID VS. OPERATING MARGIN, AS ADJUSTED(2)
Compensation Actually Paid ($ millions)
Operating Margin, as adjusted 
$65.3
($5.8)
$26.9
$56.5
$55.8
$39.2
($12.5)
$20.0
$36.6
$25.2
46.8%
42.8%
41.7%
44.5%
44.1%
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
($20)
$0
$20
$40
$60
$80
$100
$120
$140
20.0%
24.0%
28.0%
32.0%
36.0%
40.0%
44.0%
48.0%
Compensation
Actually Paid to CEO
 Average Compensation
Actually Paid to Non-CEO NEOs
Operating Margin, 
as adjusted(2)
(1)
Reflects net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc. in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Income included in BlackRock’s 
Annual Reports on Form 10-K for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
(2)
BlackRock’s Company-Selected Measure is Operating Margin, as adjusted. For reconciliation with GAAP for 2023-2025, please 
see Annex A. For reconciliation with GAAP for 2022 and 2021, please see page 37 of BlackRock’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
the year ended December 31, 2022. 
Executive Compensation
108
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 115 ===
List of Most Important Measures
The following table presents the most important financial performance measures that we use to link “compensation 
actually paid” (as defined by SEC rules) to our NEOs for 2025 to our performance. Performance outcomes for each 
measure are generally assessed in the context of external market conditions, and may be considered relative to 
industry performance or over variable time horizons. These measures are not ranked.
Measure
Operating Margin, as adjusted(1)
Operating Income, as adjusted(1)
Net New Business
Organic Revenue Growth(2)
Total Shareholder Return(3)
(1)
For reconciliation with GAAP, please see Annex A. Operating Margin measures the efficiency with which we convert revenue into 
operating earnings, while Operating Income measures the absolute level of operating earnings. Each serves a distinct role in the 
MDCC's assessment of management performance.
(2)
Organic Revenue Growth is a measure of the estimated annual revenue impact of BlackRock’s total net new business in a given 
year, including net new technology services revenue, excluding the effect of market appreciation/(depreciation) and foreign 
exchange. Organic Revenue is not directly correlated with the actual revenue earned in a given year. 
(3)
We assess performance based in part on BlackRock’s 1-year, 3-year and 5-year Total Shareholder Return. Total Shareholder 
Return is defined as the change in stock price plus reinvested dividends, measured through December 31, 2025, then annualized. 
Equity Compensation Plan Information
The following table summarizes information, as of December 31, 2025, relating to BlackRock’s equity compensation 
plans pursuant to which grants of options, RSUs or other rights to acquire shares of BlackRock common stock may be 
granted from time to time. 
Plan Category
Number of
securities to be
issued upon exercise
of outstanding
options, warrants
and rights
Weighted-average
exercise price of
outstanding options,
warrants and rights
Number of securities
available for
issuance under
equity compensation
plans (excluding
securities reflected
in first column)
Approved
BlackRock, Inc. Third Amended and Restated 1999 Stock 
Award and Incentive Plan
 5,176,152 (1)
$ 
635.43 (2)
 
6,154,871 
Amended and Restated BlackRock, Inc. Employee Stock 
Purchase Plan
 
— 
N/A
 
261,088 (3)
Total Approved by Shareholders
 5,176,152 
 
6,415,959 
Not Approved
None
 
— 
N/A
 
— 
Total Not Approved by Shareholders
 
— 
N/A
 
— 
Total
 5,176,152 
 
(1)
Includes 3,915,687 shares subject to time-based and performance-based RSUs (including cash-settled RSUs) and 1,260,465 
time-based and performance-based stock options. The number of performance-based awards is calculated assuming payout at 
target levels.
(2)
Represents the weighted-average exercise price of stock options only, comprising 300,356 options with an exercise price of 
$513.50 and 960,109 options with an exercise price of $673.58.
(3)
Includes 261,088 shares remaining available for issuance under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, of which 6,567 were subject 
to purchase during the open offering period that included December 31, 2025. 
Executive Compensation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
109
6,415,959 

=== PAGE 116 ===
ITEM 3
Ratification of the Appointment of the 
Independent Registered Public 
Accounting Firm
The Audit Committee is responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the 
independent registered public accounting firm retained to audit BlackRock’s financial statements. The Audit 
Committee conducts a comprehensive annual evaluation of the independent registered public accounting 
firm’s qualifications, performance and independence, and takes into account the insight provided to the Audit 
Committee and the quality of information provided on accounting issues, auditing issues and regulatory 
developments. The Audit Committee also considers whether, in order to ensure continuing auditor 
independence, there should be periodic rotation of the independent registered public accounting firm, taking 
into consideration the advisability and potential costs and impact of selecting a different firm. 
At its meeting on March 18, 2026, the Audit Committee appointed Deloitte to serve as BlackRock’s 
independent registered public accounting firm for the 2026 fiscal year. Deloitte or its predecessors have 
served as BlackRock’s independent registered public accounting firm since 2002. 
The Audit Committee exercises sole authority to approve all audit engagement fees and terms associated with 
the retention of Deloitte. In addition to ensuring the regular rotation of the lead audit partner as required by 
law, the Audit Committee is involved in the selection of, and reviews and evaluates, the lead audit partner. 
The Audit Committee evaluated Deloitte’s institutional knowledge and experience, quality of service, 
sufficiency of resources and quality of the team’s communications and interactions as well as the team’s 
objectivity and professionalism. As a result, the Audit Committee believes that the continued retention of 
Deloitte to serve as BlackRock’s independent registered public accounting firm is in the best interests of the 
Company and its shareholders. Accordingly, we are asking shareholders to ratify the appointment of Deloitte. 
Although ratification is not required by our Bylaws or otherwise, the Board is submitting the appointment of 
Deloitte to our shareholders for ratification because we value our shareholders’ views on this appointment 
and as a matter of good corporate governance. In the event that shareholders fail to ratify the appointment, it 
will be considered a recommendation to the Board and the Audit Committee to consider the selection of a 
different firm. Even if the appointment is ratified, the Audit Committee may in its discretion select a different 
independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if it determines that such a change 
would be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. 
Representatives of Deloitte are expected to be present at the Annual Meeting and will have an opportunity to 
make a statement, if they so desire, and will be available to respond to appropriate questions. 
Board Recommendation
The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the ratification 
of Deloitte as BlackRock’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal 
year 2026.
110
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 117 ===
Fees Incurred by BlackRock for Deloitte
Aggregate fees incurred by BlackRock, including certain sponsored investment funds, for the fiscal years ended 
December 31, 2025 and 2024, for BlackRock’s independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte, the member 
firms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, and their respective affiliates, are set forth below. 
(in millions)
2025
2024
Audit Fees(1)
$ 28.6 
$ 24.5 
Audit-Related Fees(2)
$ 6.2 (6)
$ 5.9 (5)
Tax Fees(3)
$ 6.0 (6)
$ 3.6 (5)
All Other Fees(4)
$ 0.1 
$ 0.1 (5)
Total
$ 40.9 (6)
$ 34.1 (5)
(1)
Audit Fees consisted of fees for the audits of the consolidated financial statements and reviews of the condensed consolidated 
financial statements filed with the SEC on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, respectively, as well as work generally only the independent 
registered public accounting firm can be reasonably expected to provide, such as statutory audits and review of documents filed 
with the SEC, and audits of consolidated funds and funds with unitary fee structures. Audit fees also included fees for the audit 
opinion rendered regarding the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
(2)
Audit-Related Fees consisted principally of assurance and related services pursuant to Statement on Standards for Attestation 
Engagements (SSAE) No. 18 and International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3402, attestation services for Global 
Investment Performance Standards (GIPS®) verification, and other regulatory/compliance assurance engagements. 
(3)
Tax Fees consisted of fees for all services, including services for consolidated funds and funds with unitary fee structures, 
performed by the independent registered public accounting firm’s tax personnel, except those services specifically related to the 
audit and review of the financial statements, and consisted principally of tax compliance and other tax services. 
(4)
All Other Fees consisted of fees paid to the independent registered public accounting firm other than audit, audit-related or tax 
services. All Other Fees included services related to regulatory reviews, technology subscriptions and translation services. 
(5)
Excluded from these fees are Audit-Related, Tax and All Other services provided to GIP Funds ($6.7 million) payable by BlackRock 
following the closing of the GIP acquisition on October 1, 2024. Fees are payable by BlackRock as agent to the GIP Funds and fully 
reimbursed.
(6)
Excluded from these fees are Audit-Related and Tax services provided to GIP Funds for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, 
and HPS Funds following the closing of the HPS acquisition on July 1, 2025 ($22.1 million) payable by BlackRock. Fees are 
payable by BlackRock as agent to the GIP and HPS Funds and fully reimbursed.
Excluded from the amounts reported above, Deloitte also provides Audit, Audit-Related and Tax services directly to 
certain of our non-consolidated affiliated investment companies, unit trusts and partnerships. Fees paid to Deloitte 
directly by these funds for services were $21.8 million and $22 million for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 
and 2024, respectively. Such fees do not include fees paid to Deloitte by registered investment companies. 
Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy
In accordance with BlackRock’s Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy (the “Pre-Approval Policy”), all services performed 
for BlackRock by Deloitte were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee concluded that the 
provision of such services by Deloitte was compatible with the maintenance of that firm’s independence in the conduct 
of its auditing functions. The responsibility for pre-approval of audit and permitted non-audit services includes 
pre-approval of the fees for such services. The Audit Committee reviews and pre-approves all audit, audit-related, tax 
and other services that are performed by BlackRock’s independent registered public accounting firm for BlackRock. In 
the intervals between the scheduled meetings of the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee delegates pre-approval 
authority under the Pre-Approval Policy to the Chair of the Audit Committee. The Chair or designee must report any 
pre-approval decisions under the Pre-Approval Policy to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 
Item 3 Ratification of the Appointment of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
111

=== PAGE 118 ===
Audit Committee Report
The Audit Committee’s primary responsibilities are to assist the Board with oversight of the integrity of BlackRock’s 
financial statements and public filings, the independent auditor’s qualifications and independence, the performance of 
BlackRock’s internal audit function and independent auditor and BlackRock’s compliance with legal and regulatory 
requirements. For more information about our Audit Committee’s responsibilities, see “Board Committees – The Audit 
Committee” under “Item 1 – Election of Directors” and our Audit Committee Charter. 
It is not the duty of the Audit Committee to prepare BlackRock’s financial statements, to plan or conduct audits or to 
determine that BlackRock’s financial statements are complete and accurate and are in accordance with GAAP in the 
United States. BlackRock’s management is responsible for preparing BlackRock’s financial statements and for 
maintaining internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. The independent 
registered public accounting firm is responsible for auditing BlackRock’s financial statements and internal control 
over financial reporting, expressing an opinion as to whether those audited financial statements fairly present, in all 
material respects, the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of BlackRock in conformity with GAAP 
in the United States and expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over 
financial reporting. 
In performing our oversight role, we have reviewed and discussed BlackRock’s audited financial statements with 
management and with Deloitte, BlackRock’s independent registered public accounting firm for 2025. 
We have further discussed with Deloitte the matters required to be discussed under the applicable requirements of the 
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (“PCAOB”) and the SEC. 
We have received from Deloitte the written disclosures required by applicable PCAOB rules regarding Deloitte’s 
independence, discussed with Deloitte its independence and considered whether the non-audit services provided by 
Deloitte are compatible with maintaining its independence. 
Based on the review and discussions referred to above, we recommended to the Board, and the Board approved, 
inclusion of the audited financial statements in BlackRock’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 
December 31, 2025, for filing with the SEC. 
Members of the Audit Committee 
Kathleen Murphy, Chair 
Pamela Daley
Margaret “Peggy” L. Johnson
Hans E. Vestberg 
Susan L. Wagner 
Mark Wilson 
112
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 119 ===
ITEM 4
Amendment of Subsidiary Certificate of 
Incorporation to Remove Pass-Through 
Voting Provision
In October 2024, BlackRock successfully completed the acquisition of GIP. In connection with the closing of 
the acquisition, the Company created a new parent holding company under which both BlackRock, Inc. (“old 
BlackRock”) and GIP would sit. At closing of the GIP acquisition, old BlackRock became a subsidiary of the 
Company (and renamed BlackRock Finance, Inc.) and the new public holding company became BlackRock, 
Inc.
This type of corporate holding company reorganization is permitted under the Delaware General Corporation 
Law (“DGCL”) without the approval of old BlackRock’s shareholders, provided the new public holding 
company substantively replicates the old holding company at the time of the reorganization, including its 
organizational documents.
As a result, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (“Charter”) of old BlackRock was amended 
to include a “Pass-Through Voting Provision.” This provision requires that any act or transaction involving old 
BlackRock (except the election or removal of directors) that needs approval from the Company as the 
stockholder of old BlackRock (directly or indirectly) must also be approved by the Company’s shareholders. 
Effectively, this provision gives shareholders who own shares in the publicly-traded holding company direct 
voting rights on actions taken by one of the Company’s subsidiaries.
Retaining a Pass-Through Voting Provision at the subsidiary level now that the acquisition is complete would 
be highly unusual for a public company. Removing it serves to align the Company with prevailing market 
practice. Removing it also benefits the Company and its shareholders by providing the Company with 
flexibility to manage its organizational structure efficiently and cost effectively, while fully preserving 
shareholders’ voting rights with respect to matters affecting the public Company itself. 
The Board is therefore asking the Company’s shareholders to approve an amendment to the old BlackRock 
Charter to remove the Pass-Through Voting Provision (the “Old BlackRock Charter Amendment”). The 
provision to be removed reads as follows:
“FIFTEENTH: Any Act or transaction by or involving the Corporation, other than the election or 
removal of directors of the Corporation, that, if taken by the Corporation immediately prior to the 
effective time of the merger of Banana Merger Sub, Inc. with and into the Corporation (the “Merger”) 
would require, for its adoption under the DGCL or under the certificate of incorporation or by the 
bylaws of the Corporation immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, the approval of the 
stockholders of the Corporation, shall, in accordance with Section 251(g) of the DGCL, require, in 
addition to the approval of the stockholders of the Corporation, the approval of the stockholders of 
BlackRock, Inc. (or any successor thereto by merger), by the same vote as is required by the DGCL 
and/or the certificate of incorporation or the bylaws of the Corporation immediately prior to the 
effective time of the Merger.”
A complete copy of the old BlackRock Charter is attached as Annex B.
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
113

=== PAGE 120 ===
Reasons for the Old BlackRock Charter Amendment
The Pass-Through Voting Provision currently gives shareholders direct voting rights on matters affecting a 
subsidiary that would normally only require the Company’s approval. As noted previously, removing this 
provision will align the Company with most other public holding companies, which do not give shareholders 
direct voting rights on matters affecting only their subsidiaries. This will provide the Company with the same 
flexibility and efficiency from which other public companies benefit to optimize its corporate structure and 
reduce administrative costs. 
No Effect on Shareholder Rights Related to BlackRock Matters
Removing the Pass-Through Voting Provision would not affect shareholders’ rights to vote on matters relating 
to the Company itself. The rights include the voting rights typically provided to shareholders of a public 
holding company under Delaware law, including on matters such as mergers, asset sales, or 
charter amendments. 
The boards of both old BlackRock and the Company have approved the Old BlackRock Charter Amendment 
under the DGCL. If shareholders approve this proposal, old BlackRock expects to file the Certificate of 
Amendment with the Delaware Secretary of State promptly after the Annual Meeting.
Board Recommendation
 
The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the amendment of 
the BlackRock Finance, Inc. Certificate of Incorporation to remove the Pass-Through 
Voting Provision.
Item 4 Amendment of Subsidiary Certificate of Incorporation to Remove Pass-Through Voting Provision
114
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 121 ===
Helpful Resources
Where You Can Find More 
Information
Annual Meeting
Proxy Statement: 
https://ir.blackrock.com/financials/annual-reports-
and-proxy
Annual Report: 
https://ir.blackrock.com/financials/annual-reports-
and-proxy
Voting Your Proxy via the Internet Before the 
Annual Meeting: 
www.proxyvote.com
Board of Directors
https://ir.blackrock.com/governance/board-
of-directors
Communications with the Board
https://ir.blackrock.com/governance/governance-
overview under the heading “Contact Our Board 
of Directors” 
Governance Documents
https://ir.blackrock.com/governance/
governance-overview
• Categorical Standards of Director Independence 
• Corporate Governance Guidelines 
• Committee Charters 
• Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
• Code of Ethics for Chief Executive and Senior 
Financial Officers 
• Lead Independent Director Guidelines 
Investor Relations
https://ir.blackrock.com
Sustainability
www.blackrock.com/corporate/sustainability
Other
Public Policy “Insights”:
https://www.blackrock.com/corporate/insights/
public-policy
Lobbying Disclosure Act:
https://lda.senate.gov/system/public/
Federal Election Commission:
www.fec.gov/data/reports/pac-party
Definition of Certain Terms 
or Abbreviations
AUM
Assets under Management
CEO
Chief Executive Officer
CFO
Chief Financial Officer
Committees
The Audit; Management 
Development & Compensation; 
Nominating & Governance; Risk; 
and Executive Committees
COO
Chief Operating Officer
Deloitte
Deloitte & Touche LLP
GAAP
Generally Accepted Accounting 
Principles in the United States
GEC
Global Executive Committee
MDCC
Management Development & 
Compensation Committee
NEO
Named Executive Officer
NGC
Nominating & Governance 
Committee
NTM
Next Twelve Months
NYSE
New York Stock Exchange
PAC
Political Action Committee
RSU
Restricted Stock Unit
SASB
Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board
SEC
Securities and Exchange 
Commission
TCFD
Task Force for Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures
Traditional
Peers
Traditional Peers refers to public 
company asset managers: 
Alliance Bernstein, Affiliated 
Managers Group, Franklin 
Resources, Invesco and
T. Rowe Price
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
115

=== PAGE 122 ===
Annual Meeting Information
Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting and Voting 
Who is entitled to vote? 
Holders of record of BlackRock common stock at the close of business on March 30, 2026 are entitled to receive notice 
and to vote their shares of BlackRock common stock at the Annual Meeting. As of March 30, 2026, 155,364,729 shares 
of BlackRock common stock, par value $0.01 per share, were outstanding. Each share of our common stock 
outstanding on the record date will be entitled to one vote on each of the 19 director nominees and one vote on each 
other matter. 
A list of shareholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be available prior to the Annual Meeting by writing to 
the Corporate Secretary of BlackRock at: c/o Corporate Secretary, BlackRock, Inc., 50 Hudson Yards, New York, 
New York 10001. 
How can I attend and vote at the Annual Meeting? 
The Annual Meeting will be held virtually; you will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting in person. 
You are entitled to virtually participate in the Annual Meeting if you were a shareholder as of the close of business 
on the record date, March 30, 2026, or hold a legal proxy provided by your bank, broker or nominee for the 
Annual Meeting. 
Attending the Annual Meeting
Voting During the Annual 
Meeting
Technology Support for the 
Annual Meeting
To attend the Annual 
Meeting, visit 
www.virtualshareholdermeeting
.com/BLK2026. You will be 
asked to enter the control 
number found on your proxy 
card, voting instruction form or 
Notice of Internet Availability of 
Proxy Materials.
If you were a shareholder as of 
the record date, or you hold a 
legal proxy provided by your 
bank, broker or nominee for the 
Annual Meeting, you may vote 
during the Annual Meeting by 
following the instructions 
available on the 
meeting website.
We encourage you to access 
the Annual Meeting before it 
begins. You may log in 
approximately 15 minutes before 
the meeting start time. If you 
have difficulty accessing the 
Annual Meeting, please contact 
the technical support number 
that will be posted at 
www.virtualshareholdermeeting
.com/BLK2026. Technicians will 
be available to assist you.
Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we urge you to vote and submit your proxy in advance of the 
meeting. For information on how to vote prior to the Annual Meeting, see “How can I vote my shares without attending 
the Annual Meeting and what are the voting deadlines?” on page 117.
Will I be able to participate in the virtual Annual Meeting in the same way 
that I would be able to participate in an in-person annual meeting?
We have taken steps to ensure that the format of the virtual Annual Meeting affords shareholders the same opportunity 
to participate as they would at an in-person meeting. Shareholders will have the ability to submit questions in advance 
of and during the meeting. 
• Submitting questions in advance of the Annual Meeting. You may submit a question in advance of the meeting at 
www.proxyvote.com after logging in with the control number found on your proxy card, voting instruction form or 
Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. 
• Submitting questions during the Annual Meeting. Questions may be submitted during the Annual Meeting by 
accessing the virtual meeting platform at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BLK2026 with your control 
number and following the instructions to submit a question. 
116
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 123 ===
During the Q&A sessions of the Annual Meeting, we will address as many questions that comply with our rules of 
conduct and are submitted online by shareholders as time permits. Our rules of conduct will be made available on the 
virtual meeting platform and prior to the Annual Meeting on our Investor Relations website. Questions that are 
substantially similar may be grouped and answered together to avoid repetition. To allow us to respond to as many 
questions as possible in the allotted time, we may limit each shareholder to one question. We will also post a transcript 
of the Annual Meeting to our Investor Relations website following the meeting. Transcripts of past virtual annual 
meetings are also available on our Investor Relations website. 
How can I vote my shares without attending the Annual Meeting and 
what are the voting deadlines? 
You may submit a proxy by telephone, via the Internet or by mail. 
Submitting a Proxy by Telephone
You can submit a proxy for your shares by telephone until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 19, 2026 by calling 
the toll-free telephone number on your proxy card, 1-800-690-6903. Telephone proxy submission is available 
24 hours a day. Easy-to-follow voice prompts allow you to submit a proxy for your shares and confirm that your 
instructions have been properly recorded. Telephone proxy submission procedures are designed to 
authenticate shareholders by using individual control numbers.
Submitting a Proxy via the Internet
You can submit a proxy via the internet until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 19, 2026 by accessing the 
website listed on the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or your proxy card, www.proxyvote.com, 
and by following the instructions on the website. Internet proxy submission is available 24 hours a day. As with 
the telephone proxy submission, you will be given the opportunity to confirm that your instructions have been 
properly recorded.
Submitting a Proxy by Mail
Mark your proxy card, date, sign and return it to Broadridge Financial Solutions in the postage-paid envelope 
provided (if you received your proxy materials by mail) or return it to BlackRock, Inc., c/o Broadridge, 
51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, New York 11717. Proxy cards returned by mail must be received no later than 
the close of business on May 19, 2026. 
By casting your vote in any of the three ways listed above, you are authorizing the individuals named in the proxy to 
vote your shares in accordance with your instructions. All shares that have been properly voted, and not revoked, will be 
voted at the Annual Meeting. If you sign and return your proxy card but do not give voting instructions, the shares 
represented by that proxy will be voted as recommended by the Board. 
If you were a shareholder as of the record date, or you hold a legal proxy provided by your bank, broker or nominee for 
the Annual Meeting, you can also vote via the Internet during the Annual Meeting by following the instructions at 
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BLK2026. 
How will voting on any other business be conducted?
If any other business is properly presented at the Annual Meeting for consideration, the persons named in the proxy will 
have the discretion to vote on those matters for you. As of the date of this Proxy Statement, we did not know of any 
other business to be raised at the Annual Meeting. 
May I revoke my vote? 
Proxies may be revoked at any time before they are exercised by: 
• Sending written notice to BlackRock’s 
Corporate Secretary; 
• Submitting a proxy on a later date by telephone or 
Internet (only your last telephone or Internet proxy will 
be counted) before 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on 
May 19, 2026; 
• Timely delivering a valid, later-dated proxy; or 
• Attending the Annual Meeting virtually and voting 
(attendance at the meeting alone will not cause your 
previously granted proxy to be revoked unless you 
specifically so request).
For shares held beneficially in street name, you may change your vote by submitting new voting instructions to your 
bank, broker or nominee by following the instructions it has provided, or, if you have obtained a legal proxy from your 
bank, broker or nominee giving you the right to vote your shares, by virtually attending the Annual Meeting and voting. 
Annual Meeting Information
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
117

=== PAGE 124 ===
What is a quorum?
A quorum is necessary to hold a valid meeting. The presence, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the 
votes entitled to be cast by the shareholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting is necessary to constitute a quorum. 
Virtual attendance at the Annual Meeting constitutes presence in person for purpose of a quorum at the meeting. 
Abstentions and broker “non-votes,” if any, are counted as present and entitled to vote for purposes of determining 
a quorum. 
What is a broker “non-vote”?
A broker “non-vote” occurs when a nominee holding shares for a beneficial owner does not vote on a particular 
proposal because the nominee does not have discretionary voting power for that particular item and has not received 
instructions from the beneficial owner. If a nominee has not received instructions from the beneficial owner, the 
nominee may vote these shares only on matters deemed “routine” by the NYSE. The election of directors, approval of 
NEO compensation and amendment of a subsidiary certificate of incorporation are not deemed “routine” by the NYSE 
and so nominees have no discretionary voting power for these matters. The ratification of the appointment of an 
independent registered accounting firm is deemed a “routine” matter on which nominees have discretionary voting 
power. 
What vote is required in order to approve each of the proposals? 
Proposal
Voting options
(Board recommendation)
Vote required to adopt 
the proposal
Effect of 
abstentions
Effect of broker
“non-votes”
Item
1.
Election of Directors
FOR, against 
or abstain on each 
nominee
A nominee for director 
will be elected if the 
number of votes “for” 
such nominee exceeds 
the number of votes 
“against” such nominee
No effect
No effect
Item
2.
Approval, in a
Non-Binding 
Advisory Vote, of the 
Compensation for 
Named Executive 
Officers
.
 FOR, against 
or abstain
The affirmative vote of a 
majority of the shares 
of common stock 
represented and entitled 
to vote on such matter at 
the Annual Meeting
Against
No effect
Item
3.
Ratification of the 
Appointment of the 
Independent 
Registered Public 
Accounting Firm
FOR, against 
or abstain
The affirmative vote of a 
majority of the shares 
of common stock 
represented and entitled 
to vote on such matter at 
the Annual Meeting
Against
Not applicable
Item
4.
Amendment of 
Subsidiary Certificate 
of Incorporation to 
Remove Pass-Through 
Voting Provision
.
 FOR, against 
or abstain
The affirmative vote 
of a majority of the 
outstanding shares 
of common stock 
entitled to vote at the 
Annual Meeting
Against
Against
Annual Meeting Information
118
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 125 ===
Who will count the votes and how can I find the results of the 
annual meeting?
Broadridge Financial Solutions, our tabulation agent, will count the votes. We will publish the voting results in a 
Form 8-K filed within four business days of the Annual Meeting. 
Important Additional Information 
Cost of Proxy Solicitation 
We are providing these proxy materials in connection with the solicitation by the Board of proxies to be voted at the 
Annual Meeting. We will pay the expenses of soliciting proxies. Proxies may be solicited in person or by mail, telephone 
and electronic transmission on our behalf by directors, officers or employees of BlackRock or its subsidiaries, without 
additional compensation. We will reimburse brokerage houses and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries that are 
requested to forward soliciting materials to the beneficial owners of the stock held of record by such persons. 
Multiple Shareholders Sharing the Same Mailing Address 
or “Householding” 
In order to reduce printing and postage costs, we try to deliver only one Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials 
or, if applicable, one Annual Report and one Proxy Statement to multiple shareholders sharing a mailing address. This 
delivery method, called “householding,” will not be used if we receive contrary instructions from one or more of the 
shareholders sharing a mailing address. If your household has received only one copy, we will promptly deliver a 
separate copy of the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or, if applicable, the Annual Report and the Proxy 
Statement to any shareholder who sends a written request to the Corporate Secretary at the address provided in the 
Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
You may also notify us if you would like to receive separate copies of the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy 
Materials or, if applicable, BlackRock’s Annual Report and Proxy Statement in the future by writing to the Corporate 
Secretary. Shareholders who participate in householding will continue to be able to access and receive separate proxy 
cards. If you are submitting a proxy by mail, each proxy card should be marked, signed, dated and returned in the 
enclosed self-addressed envelope. 
If your household has received multiple copies of BlackRock’s Annual Report and Proxy Statement, you can request the 
delivery of single copies in the future by marking the designated box on the attached proxy card. 
If you own shares of common stock through a bank, broker or other nominee and receive more than one Annual Report 
and Proxy Statement, contact the holder of record to eliminate duplicate mailings. 
Confidentiality of Voting 
BlackRock keeps all proxies, ballots and voting tabulations confidential as a matter of practice. BlackRock allows only 
Broadridge Financial Solutions, our tabulation agent, to examine these documents. Occasionally, shareholders provide 
written comments on their proxy cards, which are then forwarded to BlackRock management by Broadridge 
Financial Solutions. 
Available Information 
BlackRock makes available free of charge through its website at https://ir.blackrock.com, under the headings 
“Financials / SEC Filings,” its Annual Reports to Shareholders, Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on 
Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements and all amendments to these reports no later than the day 
on which such materials are first sent to security holders or made public. 
BlackRock will provide a copy of the foregoing documents without charge to any shareholder upon written request. 
Annual Meeting Information
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
119

=== PAGE 126 ===
Written Requests for Copies Can Be Made By:
Mail: Corporate Secretary of BlackRock, 50 Hudson Yards, New York, New York 10001
Telephone: (212) 810-5800
Email: invrel@blackrock.com
Copies may also be accessed electronically by means of the SEC homepage on the Internet at www.sec.gov. The 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 is not part of the proxy solicitation materials. 
How to Sign up for Electronic Delivery 
It is simple to receive future annual meeting materials electronically. To sign up for electronic delivery: 
• If your shares are registered in your name, please visit www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions. 
• If your shares are held in the name of a broker, bank or other nominee, please contact them for instructions on how 
to sign up for electronic delivery. 
Deadlines for Submission of Proxy Proposals, Nomination of Directors 
and Other Business of Shareholders 
Proposals to be Considered for Inclusion in BlackRock’s Proxy Materials 
Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 
Shareholders who wish to present proposals pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 14a-8 for inclusion in the proxy materials 
to be distributed by us in connection with our 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders must submit their proposals to 
BlackRock’s Corporate Secretary on or before December 11, 2026. 
Director Nominations Under Our Proxy Access Bylaw 
A shareholder (or a group of up to 20 shareholders) who has owned at least 3% of our shares continuously for at least 
three years and has complied with the other requirements in our Bylaws may nominate and include in BlackRock’s 
proxy materials director nominees constituting up to 25% of our Board. Notice of a proxy access nomination for 
consideration at our 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders must be received no later than December 11, 2026 and no 
earlier than November 11, 2026. 
Other Proposals and Nominations 
Apart from Exchange Act Rule 14a-8 and our proxy access bylaw, under our Bylaws certain procedures must be 
followed for a shareholder to nominate persons for election as directors or to introduce an item of business at an 
annual meeting of shareholders. 
We must receive the notice of your intention to introduce a nomination or proposed item of business at our 2027 
Annual Meeting of Shareholders: 
• Not less than 120 days nor more than 150 days prior to the anniversary of the mailing date of BlackRock’s proxy 
materials for the immediately preceding annual meeting of shareholders; or 
• Not later than 10 days following the day on which notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed to 
shareholders or public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting was made, whichever comes first, in the event 
that next year’s annual meeting is not held within 25 days before or after the anniversary date of the immediately 
preceding annual meeting. 
Assuming that our 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is held within 25 days of the anniversary of the Annual 
Meeting, we must receive notice by December 11, 2026 and no earlier than November 11, 2026. 
Furthermore, in addition to satisfying the deadline in our Bylaws, a shareholder who intends to solicit proxies in support 
of director nominees other than BlackRock’s nominees must comply with Exchange Act Rule 14a-19(b). 
Annual Meeting Information
120
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 127 ===
Additional Requirements 
Under our Bylaws, any notice of proposed business must include a description of and the reasons for bringing the 
business to the meeting, any material interest of the shareholder in the business and certain other information about 
the shareholder. Any notice of a nomination or a proxy access nomination for director nominees must provide 
information about the shareholder and the nominee, as well as the written consent of the proposed nominee to being 
named in the proxy statement and to serve as a director if elected. Furthermore, any notice of a nomination submitted 
under the SEC’s universal proxy rules must comply with Exchange Act Rule 14a-19(b). 
BlackRock’s Bylaws specifying the advance notice requirements for proposing business or nominations, and for 
proposing proxy access nominations, are available at www.sec.gov. 
Address to Submit Proposals and Nominations 
Proxy proposals, proxy access nominations and notices of nominations for director nominees and/or an item of 
business to be introduced at an annual meeting of shareholders must be submitted in writing to the Corporate 
Secretary, 50 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001. 
Other Matters 
The Board of Directors knows of no other business to be presented at the meeting. If, however, any other business 
should properly come before the meeting, or any adjournment thereof, it is intended that the proxy will be voted in 
accordance with the best judgment of the persons named in the proxy. 
By Order of the Board of Directors, 
 
R. Andrew Dickson, III 
Corporate Secretary 
Annual Meeting Information
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
121

=== PAGE 128 ===
Annex A: Non-GAAP Reconciliation
Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
BlackRock reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States 
(“GAAP”); however, management believes evaluating the Company’s ongoing operating results may be enhanced if 
investors have additional non-GAAP financial measures. 
Adjustments to GAAP financial measures (“non-GAAP adjustments”) include certain items management deems 
nonrecurring or that occur infrequently, transactions that ultimately will not impact BlackRock’s book value or certain 
tax items that do not impact cash flow. Management reviews non-GAAP financial measures, in addition to GAAP 
financial measures, to assess ongoing operations and considers them to be helpful, for both management and 
investors, in evaluating BlackRock’s financial performance over time. Management also uses non-GAAP financial 
measures as a benchmark to compare its performance with other companies and to enhance comparability for the 
reporting periods presented. Non-GAAP financial measures may pose limitations because they do not include all of 
BlackRock’s revenue and expense. BlackRock’s management does not advocate that investors consider such 
non-GAAP financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance 
with GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of 
other companies. 
Computations and reconciliations for all periods are derived from the consolidated statements of income as follows: 
(1) Operating Income, as Adjusted, and Operating Margin, as Adjusted:
(in millions)
2025
2024
2023
Operating income, GAAP basis
$ 7,045 
$ 7,574 
$ 6,275 
Non-GAAP expense adjustments:
 
 
 
Compensation expense related to appreciation (depreciation) on  
deferred cash compensation plans (a)
 
52 
 
43 
 
57 
Amortization of intangible assets (b)
 
775 
 
291 
 
151 
Acquisition-related compensation costs (b)
 
738 
 
148 
 
17 
Acquisition-related transaction costs (b)(1)
 
122 
 
90 
 
7 
Change in fair value of contingent consideration (b)
 
720 
 
(36) 
 
3 
Lease costs — New York (c)
 
— 
 
— 
 
14 
Restructuring charge (d)
 
39 
 
— 
 
61 
Reduction of indemnification asset (e)(1)
 
— 
 
— 
 
8 
Charitable Contribution (f)
 
109 
 
— 
 
— 
Operating income, as adjusted
$ 9,600 
$ 8,110 
$ 6,593 
Revenue, GAAP basis
$ 24,216 
$ 20,407 
$ 17,859 
Non-GAAP adjustments:
 
 
Distribution fees
 (1,355) 
 
(1,273) 
 (1,262) 
Investment advisory fees
 (1,105) 
 
(898) 
 
(789) 
Revenue used for operating margin measurement
$
 21,756
 
$ 18,236 
$ 15,808 
Operating margin, GAAP basis
 29.1% 
 37.1% 
 35.1% 
Operating margin, as adjusted (1)
 44.1% 
 44.5% 
 41.7% 
(1)
Amount included within general and administration expense. 
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
A-1

=== PAGE 129 ===
(2) Nonoperating Income (Expense), Less Net Income (Loss) Attributable 
to NCI - CIPs, as Adjusted:
(in millions)
2025
2024
2023
Nonoperating income (expense), GAAP basis
$ 574 
$ 721 
$ 880 
Less: Net income (loss) attributable to NCI - CIPs
 262 
 143 
 174 
Nonoperating income (expense), net of NCI - CIPs
 312 
 578 
 706 
Less: Hedge gain (loss) on deferred cash compensation plans (a)
 
61 
 
45 
 
58 
Nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to NCI - CIPs, 
as adjusted (2)
$ 251 
$ 533 
$ 648 
(3) Net Income Attributable to BlackRock, Inc., as Adjusted: 
(in millions, except per share data)
2025
2024
2023
Net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., GAAP basis
$ 5,553 
$ 6,369 
$ 5,502 
Noncontrolling interest - Subco
 
127 
 
— 
 
— 
Net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., (for diluted EPS)
 5,680 
 6,369 
 5,502 
Non-GAAP adjustments(1):
 
 
 
Net impact of hedged deferred cash compensation plans (a)
 
(6) 
 
(1) 
 
(1) 
Amortization and impairment of intangible assets (b)
 
578 
 
218 
 
114 
Acquisition-related compensation costs (b)
 
549 
 
110 
 
12 
Acquisition-related transaction costs (b)
 
91 
 
66 
 
5 
Change in fair value of contingent consideration (b)
 
717 
 
(27) 
 
3 
Lease cost — New York (c)
 
— 
 
— 
 
11 
Restructuring charge (d)
 
29 
 
— 
 
46 
Charitable Contribution (f)
 
80 
 
— 
 
— 
Income tax matters
 
18 
 
(123) 
 
— 
Net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., as adjusted (3)
$ 7,736 
$ 6,612 
$ 5,692 
Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding, including Subco Units
 160.9 
 151.6 
 150.7 
Diluted earnings per common share, GAAP basis
$ 35.31 
$ 42.01 
$ 36.51 
Diluted earnings per common share, as adjusted (3)
$ 48.09 
$ 43.61 
$ 37.77 
(1)
Non-GAAP adjustments, excluding income tax matters, are net of tax. 
(1) Operating income, as adjusted, and operating margin, as adjusted: Management believes operating income, as 
adjusted, and operating margin, as adjusted, are effective indicators of BlackRock’s financial performance over time, 
and, therefore, provide useful disclosure to investors. Management believes that operating margin, as adjusted, reflects 
the Company’s long-term ability to manage ongoing costs in relation to its revenues. The Company uses operating 
margin, as adjusted, to assess the Company’s financial performance, to determine the long-term and annual 
compensation of the Company’s senior-level employees and to evaluate the Company’s relative performance against 
industry peers. Furthermore, this metric eliminates margin variability arising from the accounting of revenues and 
expenses related to distributing different product structures in multiple distribution channels utilized by 
asset managers. 
• Operating income, as adjusted, includes the following non-GAAP expense adjustments: 
(a) Compensation expense related to appreciation (depreciation) on deferred cash compensation plans. The Company 
excludes compensation expense related to the market valuation changes on certain deferred cash compensation 
plans, which the Company hedges economically. For these deferred cash compensation plans, the final value of 
the deferred amount to be distributed to employees in cash upon vesting is determined based on the returns on 
specified investment funds. The Company recognizes compensation expense for the appreciation (depreciation) 
of the deferred cash compensation liability in proportion to the vested amount of the award during a respective 
period, while the net gain (loss) to economically hedge these plans is immediately recognized in nonoperating 
income (expense), which creates a timing difference impacting net income. This timing difference will reverse and 
offset to zero over the life of the award at the end of the multi-year vesting period. Management believes 
Annex A: Non-GAAP Reconciliation
A-2
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 130 ===
excluding market valuation changes related to the deferred cash compensation plans in the calculation of 
operating income, as adjusted, provides useful disclosure to both management and investors of the Company’s 
financial performance over time as these amounts are economically hedged, while also increasing comparability 
with other companies. 
(b) Acquisition-related costs. Acquisition-related costs include adjustments related to amortization and noncash 
impairment of intangible assets, change in fair value of contingent consideration (primarily associated with 
noncash contingent consideration) incurred in connection with certain acquisitions and other acquisition-
related costs, including compensation costs for nonrecurring retention-related deferred compensation and 
general and administration expenses primarily related to professional services. Management believes excluding 
the impact of these expenses when calculating operating income, as adjusted, provides a helpful indication of the 
Company’s financial performance over time, thereby providing helpful information for both management and 
investors while also increasing comparability with other companies.
(c) Lease costs — New York. In 2023, the Company continued to recognize lease expense within general and 
administration expense for both its current headquarters located at 50 Hudson Yards in New York and prior 
headquarters until the Company’s lease on its prior headquarters expired in April 2023. The Company began 
lease payments related to its current headquarters in May 2023, but began recording lease expense in August 
2021 when it obtained access to the building to begin its tenant improvements. Prior to the Company’s move to 
its current headquarters in February 2023, the impact of lease costs related to 50 Hudson Yards was excluded 
from operating income, as adjusted. In February 2023, the Company completed the majority of its move to 
50 Hudson Yards and no longer excluded the impact of these lease costs. Subsequently, from February 2023 
through April 2023, the Company excluded the impact of lease costs related to the Company’s prior 
headquarters. Management believes excluding the impact of these respective New York lease costs (“Lease costs 
— New York”) when calculating operating income, as adjusted, is useful to assess the Company’s financial 
performance and ongoing operations, and enhances comparability among periods presented. 
(d) Restructuring charge. In the fourth quarter of 2023 and the second quarter of 2025, the Company recorded 
restructuring charges, comprised of severance and compensation expense for the accelerated vesting of 
previously granted deferred compensation awards. The 2023 charge was incurred in connection with initiatives 
to reorganize specific platforms, primarily Aladdin and private markets, while the 2025 charge related to an 
initiative to modify the Company’s organization to align more closely with strategic priorities. Management 
believes excluding the impact of these restructuring charges when calculating operating income, as adjusted, is 
useful to assess the Company’s financial performance and ongoing operations, and enhances comparability 
among periods presented. 
(e) Reduction of indemnification asset. In connection with a previous acquisition, BlackRock recorded an $8 million 
indemnification asset. Due to the resolution of certain tax matters in the third quarter of 2023, BlackRock 
recorded $8 million of general and administration expense to reflect the reduction of the indemnification asset 
and an offsetting $8 million tax benefit. The $8 million general and administrative expense and $8 million tax 
benefit have been excluded from as adjusted results as there was no impact on BlackRock’s book value.
(f) Charitable Contribution. The Charitable Contribution expense of $109 million has been excluded from operating 
income, as adjusted, due to its nonrecurring nature.
• Revenue used for calculating operating margin, as adjusted, is reduced to exclude all of the Company’s distribution 
fees, which are recorded as a separate line item on the consolidated statements of income, as well as a portion of 
investment advisory fees received that is used to pay distribution and servicing costs. For certain products, based on 
distinct arrangements, distribution fees are collected by the Company and then passed-through to third-party client 
intermediaries. For other products, investment advisory fees are collected by the Company and a portion is passed-
through to third-party client intermediaries. However, in both structures, the third-party client intermediary similarly 
owns the relationship with the retail client and is responsible for distributing the product and servicing the client. 
The amount of distribution and investment advisory fees fluctuates each period primarily based on a predetermined 
percentage of the value of AUM during the period. These fees also vary based on the type of investment product sold 
and the geographic location where it is sold. In addition, the Company may waive fees on certain products that could 
result in the reduction of payments to the third-party intermediaries.
Annex A: Non-GAAP Reconciliation
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
A-3

=== PAGE 131 ===
(2) Nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to NCI - CIPs, as adjusted: Management 
believes nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to NCI - CIPs, as adjusted, is an effective 
measure for reviewing BlackRock’s nonoperating contribution to its results and provides comparability of this 
information among reporting periods. Nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to NCI-CIPs, 
as adjusted, excludes the gain (loss) on the economic hedge of certain deferred cash compensation plans. As the gain 
(loss) on investments and derivatives used to hedge these compensation plans over time substantially offsets the 
compensation expense related to the market valuation changes on these deferred cash compensation plans, which is 
included in operating income, GAAP basis, management believes excluding the gain (loss) on the economic hedge of 
the deferred cash compensation plans when calculating nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) 
attributable to NCI - CIPs, as adjusted, provides a useful measure for both management and investors of BlackRock’s 
nonoperating results that impact book value.
(3) Net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., as adjusted: 
• Management believes net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., as adjusted, and diluted earnings per common 
share, as adjusted, are useful measures of BlackRock’s profitability and financial performance. Net income 
attributable to BlackRock, Inc., as adjusted, equals net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., GAAP basis, adjusted 
for certain items management deems nonrecurring or that occur infrequently, transactions that ultimately will not 
impact BlackRock’s book value or certain tax items that do not impact cash flow.
For each period presented, the non-GAAP adjustments were tax effected at the respective blended rates applicable 
to the adjustments. The fourth quarter of 2025 included a discrete tax benefit of $29 million recognized in 
connection with the Charitable Contribution. The discrete tax benefit has been excluded from as adjusted results due 
to the nonrecurring nature of the Charitable Contribution. Additionally, the amount for income tax matters in 2024 
included a discrete tax benefit of $137 million recognized in connection with the reorganization and establishment 
of a more efficient global intellectual property and technology platform and corporate structure. This discrete tax 
benefit has been excluded from as adjusted results due to the nonrecurring nature of the intellectual property 
reorganization. Furthermore, the non-GAAP adjustment in 2025 related to the change in fair value of contingent 
consideration is primarily not deductible for income tax purposes.
• In addition, beginning in the third quarter of 2025, in connection with the HPS Transaction, the Company updated 
its definition of net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., as adjusted, and diluted earnings per common share, as 
adjusted, to assume all outstanding Subco Units issued as part of the consideration for the HPS Transaction have 
been exchanged in accordance with their terms on a one-for-one basis into common stock of BlackRock, as Subco 
Units will be exchangeable at the option of the holder when exchange rights begin. Accordingly, the noncontrolling 
interest related to these Subco Units has been included as part of net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., as 
adjusted. Management believes that these updated non-GAAP measures are useful indicators of BlackRock’s 
profitability and enhance comparability among periods presented, and therefore are useful to investors.
• Per share amounts reflect net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., as adjusted, divided by diluted weighted-
average common shares outstanding.
(4) Annual Contract Value (“ACV”): Management believes ACV is an effective metric for reviewing BlackRock’s 
technology services’ ongoing contribution to its operating results and provides comparability of this information 
among reporting periods while also providing a useful supplemental metric for both management and investors of 
BlackRock’s growth in technology services and subscription revenue over time, as it is linked to the net new business in 
technology and subscription services. ACV represents forward-looking, annualized estimated value of the recurring 
subscription fees under client contracts, assuming all client contracts that come up for renewal are renewed, unless we 
have received a notice of termination, even though such notice may not be effective until a later date. ACV also includes 
the annualized estimated value of new sales, for existing and new clients, when we execute client contracts, even 
though the recurring fees may not be effective until a later date and excludes nonrecurring fees such as 
implementation and consulting fees.
Annex A: Non-GAAP Reconciliation
A-4
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 132 ===
Annex B: Amended and Restated Certificate 
of Incorporation of BlackRock Finance, Inc.
FIRST: The name of the corporation is BlackRock Finance, Inc. (hereinafter the “Corporation”).
SECOND: The registered office of the Corporation within the State of Delaware shall be at 251 Little Falls Drive, City of 
Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware 19808, and the name of the registered agent of the Corporation at 
such address shall be Corporation Service Company.
THIRD: The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be 
organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”).
FOURTH: A. Authorized Shares. The Corporation shall be authorized to issue 1,000 shares of stock, of which (i) 500 
shares shall be shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “Common Stock”), and (ii) 500 shares shall be 
shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “Preferred Stock”).
B. Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more classes or series. The Board of 
Directors is hereby authorized to provide for the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock in one or more classes or series 
and, by filing a certificate pursuant to the DGCL (hereinafter referred to as a “Preferred Stock Designation”), to 
establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such class or series, and to fix the 
designations, voting powers (if any), privileges, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of 
the shares of each such class or series and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereon. The authority of the 
Board of Directors with respect to each class or series shall include, but not be limited to, determination of 
the following:
(1)
the designation of the class or series, which may be by distinguishing number, letter or title;
(2)
the number of shares of the class or series, which number the Board of Directors may thereafter (except where 
otherwise provided in the Preferred Stock Designation) increase or decrease (but not below the number of shares 
thereof then outstanding) in the manner permitted by law;
(3)
the rate of any dividends (or method of determining the dividends) payable to the holders of the shares of such 
class or series, any conditions upon which such dividends shall be paid, the form of payment thereof (whether 
cash, securities of the Corporation, securities of another person or other assets) and the date or dates or the 
method for determining the date or dates upon which such dividends shall be payable;
(4)
whether dividends, if any, shall be cumulative or noncumulative and, in the case of shares of any class or series 
having cumulative dividend rights, the date or dates or method of determining the date or dates from which 
dividends on the shares of such class or series shall cumulate;
(5)
if the shares of such class or series may be redeemed by the Corporation, the price or prices (or method of 
determining such price or prices) at which, the form of payment of such price or prices (which may be cash, 
property or rights, including securities of the Corporation or of another corporation or other entity) for which, the 
period or periods within which and the other terms and conditions upon which the shares of such class or series 
may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the option of the Corporation or at the option of the holder or holders 
thereof or upon the happening of a specified event or events, if any, including the obligation, if any, of the 
Corporation to purchase or redeem shares of such class or series pursuant to a sinking fund or otherwise;
(6)
the amount payable out of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of shares of the class or series in the event 
of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation;
(7)
provisions, if any, for the conversion or exchange of the shares of such class or series, at any time or times, at the 
option of the holder or holder thereof or at the option of the Corporation or upon the happening of a specified 
event or events, into shares of any other class or classes or any other series of the same class of capital stock of 
the Corporation or into any other security of the Corporation, or into the stock or other securities of any other 
corporation or other entity, and the price or prices or rate or rates of conversion or exchange and any adjustments 
applicable thereto, and all other terms and conditions upon which each conversion or exchange may be made;
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
B-1

=== PAGE 133 ===
(8)
restrictions on the issuance of shares of the same class or series or of any other class or series of capital stock of 
the Corporation, if any; and
(9)
the voting rights and powers, if any, of the holders of shares of the class or series.
C. Common Stock. No stockholder shall be entitled to exercise any right of cumulative voting.
FIFTH: A. Stockholder Meetings.
(1)
Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the Bylaws may provide. An 
annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation for the election of directors and for the transaction of such 
other business as may come before the meeting shall be held at such time and place as shall be determined in 
accordance with the Bylaws. Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless otherwise provided in 
the Bylaws.
(2)
Except as otherwise required by law and subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of stock having a 
preference over the Common Stock as to dividends or distributions upon liquidation, special meetings of 
stockholders of the Corporation of any class or series for any purpose or purposes may be called only by:
a.
the Chairman of the Board of Directors;
b.
the President of the Corporation;
c.
a majority of the Board of Directors;
d.
any committee of the Board of Directors the powers and authority of which include the power and authority 
to call such meetings; or
e.
the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the President or the Corporate Secretary of the Corporation upon a 
written request of one or more record holders of shares of stock of the Corporation representing ownership of 
not less than 15 percent of the voting power of all outstanding shares of stock in the Corporation, which 
request complies with the procedures for calling a special meeting of stockholders as set forth in the Bylaws, 
as may be amended from time to time.
B. Action by Written Consent. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of the 
stockholders may be effected by written consent of such stockholders pursuant to Section 228 of the DGCL if such 
action has been approved in advance by the requisite vote of the Board of Directors.
SIXTH: A. Powers of the Board of Directors. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under 
the direction of the Board of Directors, which shall be constituted as provided in this Article and as provided by law.
B. Number of Directors. Subject to the rights of holders of Preferred Stock, the number of directors shall be fixed from 
time to time by resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors then in office.
C. Election and Term. The directors of the Corporation shall be elected annually for terms expiring at the next annual 
meeting of stockholders and until such directors’ successors shall have been elected and qualified. Any vacancies 
created in the Board of Directors through and increase in the number of directors or otherwise may be filled in 
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation and the applicable laws of the State of Delaware.
D. Removal of Directors. Except as may be provided in a resolution or resolutions providing for any class or series of 
Preferred Stock with respect to any directors elected by the holders of such class or series, any director, or the entire 
Board of Directors, may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the votes of capital stock then 
entitled to vote in the election of directors at a meeting of stockholders called for that purpose.
E. Meetings of the Board of Directors. Meetings of the Board of Directors may be held within or without the State of 
Delaware, as the Bylaws may provide.
F. Quorum; Required Vote. Except as otherwise provided by law:
(1)
at all meetings of the Board of Directors, a majority of the entire Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum for 
the transaction of business, and
(2)
the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the 
Board of Directors.
Annex B: Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of BlackRock Finance, Inc.
B-2
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 134 ===
SEVENTH: A. Liability. A director of the Corporation shall, to the maximum extent permitted by the laws of the State of 
Delaware, as now or hereafter in effect, have no personal liability to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary 
damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director.
B. Indemnification.
(1)
The Corporation shall indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by law, as 
now or hereafter in effect and such right to indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a 
director or officer of the Corporation and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and personal and 
legal representatives; provided, however, that, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the 
Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer (or his or her heirs, executors or personal or 
legal representatives) in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such 
proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors. The right to indemnification 
conferred by this Article Seventh shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses incurred in 
defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding in advance of its final disposition.
(2)
The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, provide rights to 
indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to employees and agents of the Corporation similar to those 
conferred in this Article Seventh to directors and officers of the Corporation.
(3)
The rights to indemnification and to the advance of expenses conferred in this Article Seventh shall not be 
exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under this Certificate of lncorporation, 
the Bylaws of the Corporation, any statute, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.
C. Modification.
(1)
Any repeal or modification of this Article Seventh by the stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect 
any exclusion of liability, rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses or other protection of a 
director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification with 
respect to any acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification.
(2)
Any repeal or modification of the laws of the State of Delaware, as are now or hereafter in effect, shall not adversely 
affect any rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses or other protection of a director, officer, 
employee or agent of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification with respect to any acts or 
omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification.
EIGHTH: The Corporation shall be subject to Section 203 of the DGCL.
NINTH: The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the DGCL or other applicable 
statutes) outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to time by the Board of 
Directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation.
TENTH: Whenever a compromise or arrangement is proposed between the Corporation and its creditors or any class of 
them and/or between the Corporation and its stockholders or any class of them, any court of equitable jurisdiction 
within the State of Delaware may, in a summary way, on the application of the Corporation or of any creditor or 
stockholder thereof or on the application of any receiver or receivers appointed for the Corporation under the 
provisions of Section 291 of the DGCL or on the application of trustees in dissolution or of any receiver or receivers 
appointed for the Corporation under the provisions of Section 279 of the DGCL, order a meeting of the creditors or 
class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of the Corporation, as the case maybe, to be 
summoned in such manner as said court directs. If a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the 
creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of the Corporation, as the case may 
be, agree to any compromise or arrangement and to any reorganization of the Corporation as a consequence of such 
compromise or arrangement, the said compromise or arrangement and the said reorganization shall, if sanctioned by 
the court to which the said application has been made, be binding on all the creditors or class of creditors, and/or on all 
the stockholders or class of stockholders, of the Corporation, as the case may be, and also on the Corporation.
ELEVENTH: Bylaw Amendments. The Bylaws of the Corporation may be adopted, consistent with law and the 
provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation), and once adopted, any Bylaw 
may be altered or repealed by: (1) the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the members of the Board of Directors 
then in office, or (2) the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the voting power of the Voting Stock.
Annex B: Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of BlackRock Finance, Inc.
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT
B-3

=== PAGE 135 ===
TWELFTH: General Right to Amend Certificate of lncorporation.
(1)
The Corporation hereby reserves the right at any time and from time to time to amend, alter, change or repeal any 
provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, and to add thereto any other provision authorized by the 
laws of the state of Delaware at the time in force, and except as may otherwise be explicitly provided by any 
provision of this Certificate of lncorporation, all rights, preferences and privileges of whatsoever nature conferred 
upon stockholders, directors or officers of the Corporation or any other person whomsoever by and pursuant to 
this Certificate of lncorporation in its present form, or as hereafter amended, are granted subject to the right 
reserved in this paragraph (1).
(2)
Subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, the provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation may only 
be altered, amended or repealed, and any inconsistent provision adopted, with such action (if any) of the Board of 
Directors as is provided by law, and in addition to any other vote of stockholders (if any) required by law, and 
notwithstanding that a lower vote (or a no vote) of stockholders otherwise would be required, by the approval of at 
least a majority of the voting power of all Voting Stock.
THIRTEENTH: The Corporation shall have perpetual existence.
FOURTEENTH: For purposes of this Certificate of lncorporation, the following definitions shall apply:
(1)
“Capital Stock” means any and all shares (however designated, whether voting or non-voting) of capital stock 
issued by the Corporation.
(2)
each reference to a “person” shall be deemed to include not only a natural person, but also a corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, association or legal entity of any kind; each reference to a “natural person” (or to a 
“record holder” of shares, if a natural person) shall be deemed to include, in his, her or its representative capacity, 
a guardian, committee, executor, administrator or other legal representative of such natural person or 
record holder.
(3)
“Voting Stock” shall mean the then outstanding shares of Capital Stock of the Corporation entitled to vote 
generally on the election of directors and shall exclude any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation only 
entitled to vote in the event of dividend arrearages or any default under any provision of such series thereon, 
whether or not at the time of determination there are any such dividend arrearages or defaults.
FIFTEENTH: Any act or transaction by or involving the Corporation, other than the election or removal of directors of 
the Corporation, that, if taken by the Corporation immediately prior to the effective time of the merger of Banana 
Merger Sub, Inc. with and into the Corporation (the “Merger”) would require, for its adoption under the DGCL or under 
the certificate of incorporation or the bylaws of the Corporation immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, 
the approval of the stockholders of the Corporation, shall, in accordance with Section 251(g) of the DGCL, require, in 
addition to the approval of the stockholders of the Corporation, the approval of the stockholders of BlackRock, Inc. (or 
any successor thereto by merger), by the same vote as is required by the DGCL and/or the certificate of incorporation or 
the bylaws of the Corporation immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger.
Annex B: Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of BlackRock Finance, Inc.
B-4
BLACKROCK, INC.   |   2026 PROXY STATEMENT

=== PAGE 136 ===
Our Principles We are a fiduciary to our clients. We are One BlackRock. We are passionate about performance. We take emotional ownership. We are committed to a better future. BlackRock's purpose is to help more and more people experience financial well-being. These principles represent our core values, our aspirations, and our cultural language- lived and embraced by every employee at our firm.
